is upset that he can't update his Facebook by texting it... and might cry as a result  School today also. Blah!
@angry_barista I baked you a cake but I ated it 
Meh... Almost Lover is the exception... this track gets me depressed every time. 
@fleurylis I don't either. Its depressing. I don't think I even want to know about the kids in suitcases. 
@Viennah Yay! I'm happy for you with your job! But that also means less time for me and you... 
Where did u move to?  I thought u were already in sd. ?? Hmmm. Random u found me. Glad to hear yer doing well.
@Starrbby too bad I won't be around I lost my job and can't even pay my phone bill lmao aw shucks 
@ashleyac My donkey is sensitive about such comments. Nevertheless, he'd (and me'd) be glad to see your mug asap. Charger is still awol. 
wonders why someone that u like so much can make you so unhappy in a split seccond . depressed . 
@januarycrimson Sorry, babe!!  My fam annoys me too. Thankfully, they're asleep right now. Muahaha. *evil laugh*
@makeherfamous hmm  , do u really enjoy being with him ? if the problems are too constants u should think things more , find someone ulike
Emily will be glad when Mommy is done training at her new job. She misses her.  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6176014
@mercedesashley Damn! The grind is inspirational and saddening at the same time.  Don't want you to stop cuz I like what u do! Much love
@chelserlynn haha its so cooooold in the d! and no  but you should still go to the show. they do some incredible stuff
I'm missing you babe..  but as long as your alive I'm happy.. Yawwwnn.. I'm tired my love imma try to sleep hopefully you had a headstart
Living not downtown sure isn't much fun.  
@penndbad send me the DVD cos I have missed out on heaps  NOT happy about that!
Today I realized I am too good at hiding things, even I can't find it 
@dannyvegasbaby danny im upset that i wasnt here to watch the live chat  i was in a car. for 3 hours on a trip im soooo upset!!
@PaulaAbdul awww, Good luck Paula!! Please don't work too hard  but I hope you have fun  Your new album is gonna be amazing!  xxx
bad day at the betfair office 
monkeys??? i just found out you my twin and you wont even write back.  i'm heartbroken
missed Brent at praise band.   No fun to not have the your lead guitarist.  &lt;pout&gt;
missed Brent at praise band.  No fun to not have your lead guitarist. &lt;pout&gt;
Is still nursing my Nile but glad he is feeling better. I hate when my baby is sick 
@chriscantore congrats! I'm totally jealous! only wish my XM was working 
@DonnieWahlberg ooh I'm excited and not even going 2 be there  long love YOUTUBE!
@LoveMeagan it doesn't work your fan is upset 
I would like to apologize for the repeated Video Games Live related tweets. I am going to have a stern discussion with Koodo soon. Stern. 
@LevenRambin: Take it easy, and be good to you. 
Su yin Huen tweeted I feel unbearable guilt. I made my staff cry  http://tinyurl.com/cw2l9t
@ridley1013 I agree. The shapeshifting is a copout. I was so excited for Angela's ep, I thought it was this week.  Noah was awesome tho!
@vene2ia ...not yet unfortunately, another few weeks I've been told  How are you? I've been a little bit busy with my latest project.
getting annoyed easily today  &gt;&gt;&gt; biofuel proposal: getting annoyed easily today  &gt;&gt;&gt; biof.. http://tinyurl.com/ceprvs
@MizzChievouz Hey girl. The site is back.  Girlyvue is back and they have even more videos. 
@hyperbets i hope this doesn't last too long.  i feel miserable!
@TheLeagueSF Not Fun &amp; Furious? The new mantra for the Bay 2 Breakers? It was getting 2 rambunctious;the city overreacted &amp; clamped down 
I don't understand why things get taken away. I didn't have enough time with him its unfair. I want him back!! He was like my baby 
@benackerman BTW my iPhone is acting funny, dying quickly and freezing and BS.  I'm not admitting anything, just sayin 
@maxime68 @megelder But! I'm useless if I don't sleep  It's not fair! I want all the fun as well!!!
@akianz renting.. but very cheap renting, and awesome house. We had 3 buying attempts fall through 
@EazyDoesIt87 NEGATIVE.. you lost my vote of confidence 
I'm so upset that I missed my chat and quiz online because my free internet has ceased 
@KevChoice I just don't get it. What in a persons mind could even have them on some ish like this???  My prayers are with her fam for real
@NileLegania glad I was able help you feel better. I hate to see you sick  Love you!
@Brodhe geez ur no fun are you 
I'm very glad Britney isn't crazy anymore! That was one hell of a show! Now I'm sad that it's over.  Next up...AP at Cook County!
Death is peaceful,  life however, bites 
@JonathanRKnight Good Knight hun! Looking forward to ur tweets again! Hate that i keep missing out on the fun cuz of the time difference 
doesn't enjoy learning CSS. 
@Honey3223 I did get some disgruntled people when I wrote my ESN, but the 1000 hits in one day made up for it. Bill pulls in 250 tops 
@gigdiary I know -  was a little depressed that we ate so much last night there were no leftovers today 
wants her step brother home  im so worried, you dont even know. i hope he knows how much i care for him...
@heidimontag just got done watching the hills! loved it! excited for the next episode! and im sad this is the last season! 
I'm tired. I feel like crap. And the world feels all crummy. Make me happy, USB disco mouse. 
@katebornstein which is pretty anti memorial tattoos   but for all but the strictest, there's no official BAN, just disapproving family
I wanna rock a Maxi dress @ Coachella, but lacking funding 
@enterbelladonna i dunno how to use the forum and i get frustrated with it. i'll miss talking to you on here. 
@georgeruiz Unfortunately one of those moments wasn't a giant squid monster. 
Funny how the little things make me homesick, criminals breakn n2 a brownstone on LawNOrd CI made me misty 
@contactabe I'm so jealous.  I missed all of opening day this year 
@nick_carter I will wait for you at fanclub chat.. even tough you're not my favorite 
Haha not even yo. I just didn't know how to do that @thang to you on twitter  Haha
Work laptop is officially dead .. Not happy at all.. 
is stucked in Paris and can't even travel into France (for work) 
I am worried that I won't get my $900 even though I paid a buttload of tax last year ! 
Reeked of alcohol at the dentist this morning + was drunk when i put on my tshirt, realised it had a huge stain. Dentist looked disgusted 
just found out that my mum  and my adopted auntie are on twitter.. check them out my mum is TessM64 and my awesome as auntie is tania38
@stewiebrittany no  i dont even know how to ride it
they killed off a character on one of my favorite shows and now i'm upset 
jealous of my friends who got to see the new Star Trek film in Austin tonight. 
happy for Coach Stringer (HOF c/o 2009!)...now if I can only finish my term paper on her 
I hate the fact that I'm genuinely excited about my last tweet 
Keeeerrrrriiiiii!!!!  I really have nothing better to do then post on this thing at 224am.....wonderfullll. Says alot.
Coming down with a cold or bad allergies. Either way, I'm miserable! 
@chimpytwit brilliant idea. just bring as much as you think you'll spend &amp; I'll swap you. bring a brolly 
Not feeling well again. Stupid migraine making my tummy upset.  and my whole body aches, shoot me now.
@dweeman why aren't you a happy camper? 
@dkoenigs thanks man.  I'm so very grateful.  I feel unworthy of such attention, though, because I'm in this because of myself... 
@t_wolfe  i miss u too. i'm totally comin back tho! Lastnight was sooooooo much fun!
@Artistbabee but tht's annoying &amp;definitely not bitchy enough  he def broke like everything in me. he prolly doesn't even kno oct. 5!
@kaozdesign  I think I found my face...unfortunately. You didn't find yours yet?  
@mycaricature The only bit that got me really was when he said Babs was a bad mum  I'm sure that hurts her even though she's laughing.
Omg revisions revisions revisions! I feel like I wasted an amazingly beautiful day today doing pointless work 
@sarmar I guess I'm out of funny 
@moethebeat aww moe! I was planning on leaving tomorrow evening  are you gonna be in town by chance?
Extremely jealous... 
@kimmyawesome Ohhhh that sucks  I love the summer set.
@daydee tell it you forgot your password &amp; it will give you a new one. it's the only way I can prevent tons of spam 
So glad I made it through work - with an extra hour too and my paycheck.  Still waiting on the one I lost though 
Not to self: licking off pudding from a seafood fork, not so enjoyable as slowly licking off of a spoon 
It just makes me happy! over and over again. I wish I wan't afraid to fly  http://tinyurl.com/64skpp
It just makes me happy! over and over again! I just wish I wasn't afraid to fly  http://tinyurl.com/64skpp
im so tired this morning and there was only cold shower water!not happy 
haha I've been with my grandma for 2 days. even she's about 5 houses away, I'll still miss her 
w/ every person there. I didn't get a pic  my phone died but he signed my shirt so amazing words cannot describe should've skipped mel lol
@TiffinyHogg I heard Timewarp was fantastic! Gutted I missed it, was playing @ egg 
Wishing it wasn't 245 in the morning.  sleeping is awesome, work is not, and I need to scrub my apt!
@baf03 hi steven! man it's only been a week and i'm ALREADY behind on school work 
@PriscillaCruz So funny because I watched 'Only The Strong' today, what are the chances? I miss Capoeira   Zoom Zoom!
@KristenjStewart just watched the trailer for adventureland on itunes looks so funny!! pity i don't think we get it in Australia 
Britney was fucking amazing!! After we just went back to the hotel...I hate travelling with cheapos. 
@ditty003 I'm looking at mine And I can't even get to it... School work sucks...atleast when u get home that's it  LOL
Train rammed, fellow commuters vile . Special derision reserved for the man who appeared out of nowhere to claim 'his' seat. Luggage rack 
@Kal_Penn I will miss you on the show... you were awesome!  What a shock!!  
@polaroidskyline that sounds fair horrible.  i was going to repeat myself, but i guess the text I just sent you would do it better. whee.
@NeYawn Yeah! Interview... Don't know even when it is... 
Why is it raining tomorrow night after it was sooo nice today?!  Guess I should be thankful that I was able to enjoy it at least.
Lots of revision to do tonight too for my final assessments. More assessments today as well, 90% pass mark is harsh 
@riskyrevenge Wait, what? Sick? 
I was woken up from a deep sleep just to be let go for Mad Max.  Not happy. And now, i can not sleep! 
Txt-Chat with Jake. Lmfao. Its Frikkin Awesome! I Miss This Effin Boy So Much.  Awww. Hoping You Guys Would Come Back Here Na! ) xxxx
I'm frankly disappointed and offended that there is a blogger writing AGAINST FU Penguin 
My stomach is feeling satisfied now......been starving for 2 hours. 
@LRon_Jaii LMAOOO mornin baybeeee. Don't lie?! A peaceful journey?! My train is straight boring  not even a hooded teef in sight.
I wish I had someone to talk to. I'm so upset.  no one likes me anyway
8:00am typical British morning. Cold, wet, road full of miserable angry drivers..... good times! I need a holiday 
Oh, and it's officially my birthday. Happy 23rd birthday to me! *looks around* Yet no one is here to wish it to me  Erik's in bed.
Didn't make it by here today.   They are saying we will have snow tomorrow. WTF?  It is Tennessee.  It doesn't even snow here in winter.
@V3events  no way!?  Ur at a game right now!? 
back @ work. Had a bad start of day almost falling down the stairs  Not enjoying work yet...
i'm up, so much paperwork to do today. `n i'm kinda getting sick  not fun
@un1xnut if only I didn't work an evening/night job 
@rachaelyamagata You were amazing Rach! Thank you for the music! I waited outside but you never showed up!  There's always the next album!
I'm Not There is on HBO in 30 minutes! Got excited then remembered I should get some sleep tonight. And why is it not on again soon? Sad 
Txt-Chat with Jake. Lmfao. Its Frikkin Awesome! I Miss This Effin Boy So Much.  Awww. Hoping You Would Come Back Here Na! ) xxxx
@CHRISDJMOYLES I'm not excited as I live in Wales 
Just wrote a 2 pg paper n 30 min, studied n now off 2 bed. Gotta wake up n 3 hours. OH JOY!  Nite all!
beginning to enjoy lazy town - oh dear 
haven't even had time to twitt theese last few days, insane! 
@EIsie Mate that's rubbish  10pt hug. Tom covered in spots and obviously not happy, but Doc says it's nothing 'bad'. Tell that to Tom...
@Warlach Curse ye!! Have fun at it. I miss doing online PR for Paramount Pics 
Can't sleep. It's 2:05am--Ugh!!! I'm not even sleepy 
@dougiemcfly hey saw u guys play @ pushover..didn't get 2 meet u tho cuz of th HUGE line  i was very upset lol..a msg would make up 4 it!
right got a stinking headache but I need to run I'm not a happy bunny 
im yellinq at ma mummyy  !! lol .. she is ANGRY AT MEE  !! 
Best monday ever. Missed gossip girl.  Oh well. Spent time with BFF today! Wonderful Night! xoxo
@Amelia_Torode Have fun shopping ... but bear in mind the horrible forex truth  http://bit.ly/kHBN  
Woo for three pages down and seven to go...why in heck do I procrastinate!  Goal #1 for Grad School DO NOT WAIT!!!!!
@Kal_Penn The thing that sucks the most is that you were the one I was most excited for, even before I knew who the final team would be. 
these guys who is Bill Gates's associates makes me feel like I know nothing!!! I don't even know my name now 
@vanidosa27 What's wrong? why do you need an inhaler? I didn't even know you were sick  Hope you start feeling better
Taking Angus for a check-up today. I always quietly dread it but this time he's poorly so I know the lung function tests will be crap. 
@m0nkfish Eww. Hershys kisses are ok, but not amazing 
@tommcfly hey saw u guys play @ pushover..didn't get 2 meet u tho cuz of th HUGE line  i was very upset ='( lol..a msg would make up 4 it!
@OscarTG Morning. No sun here unfortunately 
is listening to an awesome song but i dnt no the name but i wanna upload it on limewire!!!!! 
@ktml I think its iTunes fault I cant download it on my Mac now &quot;store busy&quot;   if you got it, anything awesome in the camerakit update?
happy birthday jaime. loveyou&lt;3.     ...officially screwed right now. midterm. quiz. 2 projects. and 300 page book. shoot me. please. 
@LizDinkel lol, I figured as much...but you never know. We don't talk anymore, maybe you became easily offended... 
They don't get hyphy on the east coast  ...even to E40
rufus rufus rufus! Bloody Brillaint!!!! Shame my mum is such a miserable crab or i could liten to him while i work 
Fairly certain I have the flu. 
Power to levitate?.... still negative. 
Even a four day week seems too long  I want to stay in bed!
@theajp Glad you enjoyed it mate. Any more gigs lined up in the near future? None on the horizon for me at the mo 
Now even more annoyed with Bones. I would have preferred the gratuitous grossness. Poor Angela 
YAY hannah montanas on disney channel fun ......NOT 
While I do enjoy my job very much. Its always nicest outside when I'm indoors 
Not even 8.30am and there's far too much noise in the office   Should have worked from home today.
sat at work  Not fair, so not fair
@reznik360 @bonbonfire another fun confab, no matter what comes of it. i wish i hadn't worked until 9. i'm gonna miss next week, though. 
is sooo proud with her bro! huhu.. he's so talentfull.. i wish i could do best like him.. 
i'm missing my best friends. I miss our fun times together. I love you guys and i miss you so much  
@disobedientgirl wonderful.. I ll be slogging at 9.. you get up at 9 eh.. 
Planting a friend today.  Not been to a funeral in &gt;20 years.
on the coach  gonna be fun!
Anybody willing to help me??? I've been trying to make a sad tune on the piano for a new song but it always ends up happy and bright  ???
@derek319 @shwe370 sweet! That was fun... Except it stretched my browser... And I was watching Twit! 
Well that was a fun nights work, now to start the working day 
@awillert  im so jealous..i want salsa, but the cookies were AMAZING!
Even with the best intentions i'm late for work again 
its sprained!!  so glad im on holidays
@MrNokill @MrNokill problem is they aren't appealing to a wide enough audience, even though they think they may be 
@dadi_iyal and you'll get familiar with twitter pretty soon!!! i'm not coming back this summer, so that means i dont even see you then?! 
I have a hole in my favourite top. I bought it in the sale before Christmas so I can't even get an exchange  might try fixing it later.
Dear Crimestoppers, thankyou for your regular service of our burglar alarm, I'm most grateful for the new 200dB ear-deafening entry tones 
just threw up all over the bathroom. not fun 
aaaaaaaaaah still cold outside... at least it's sunny! For now that is 
just got back from the funeral of a government employee-friend.    http://plurk.com/p/n0bvd
wow #epicfail on me. I did a search for epicfail and didn't see many entries but apparently, it's widely used. I'm depressed now 
@hollaglam my fav English teacher, she just had miscarriage.  &amp; u knw wht makes me sad even more? she was going to name her baby Tamara 
@JCTurner Yeah, not good. Even going back to 2.2.1 didn't resolve it. 
@islandnene83 well you didnt even consult me to see what my plans were. maybe they changed...and they did. so thanks.   
@dougiemcfly morning  i'm really upset  my rabbit ran away last night  and the postman woke me up early  reply? ilu x.
Landed funny on my foot this morning while jumping down the stairs and I twisted it. Quite sore now.. 
gloomy weather...again 
@crackcouture wow! that sounds fun! nah just going to melbourne for a couple of days unfortunately 
@ellisonrox awwww  but she will be on tomorrow @ 4. i will still watch her show even though you guys persecute me. are you far away? 
Finger hurts, can't sleep even after my vicoden &amp; alcohol combo... 
Depressed. Our new app's Alpha 0.0.10 is now even more complex than our last app's version 9.5. I long for those  small dev teams days.  
OK so I stayed up, but didn't watch heroes  Did admin stuff and WP stuff, learned some new WP stuff and finally happy with the layout
@lizp02x oh man that sucks! I'm hoping to go to school HAPPY tomorrow or else it won't be good  ahhh
@amsterdamant unfortunately, I didn't dream about shoes 
@LadyLDN I hope you feel better soon  Being ill is no fun at all.
@newkidsfan awwwww ur gunna make me cry!  i miss him so much! he has blessed me w/ so much love and memories...
at work and tired. doing reports... fun! no not really 
is going to be a long week! Funeral and work tomorrow!  ***143 JAC***
I miss The Glass House  but thankfully pretty much every moment of it has been uploaded onto youtube.
is even more irritated to find that the patch doesn't even get released properly until tmrw.. whats the point of letting you do it now?! 
its day one of my ivf injections so let the fun begin 
Has a bit of a scratchy throat  I hope it goes away before thursday and my weekend of fun!
@moony394 i think i will be even more in denial after i watch 
@sevenmac You should set up a video channel for your podcast on Miro. Just checked and you're not listed there. 
good morning! i'm off to the hospital with my dad to spend basically all day in the waiting room just for a two minute app fun fun fun! 
@chewbeka yeah it is brutal  at least it's not until June lmao. But I'm excited, then we have to get onto another plane to Canada LOL
@msdivineknight see thats why I never go to bed early, cause if u sleep u miss things!! I slept I missed Joe!!!!!!!! Unhappy And!! 
@leelowe aww thanks hun! but am just picking this up now! I was in scotland until yesterday evening  how'd it go?
I'm not happy. I woke up at 5.30am this morning and didn't get to sleep again till 6.45am  
@BipLing are you coming to aus?!?!? or is cobi going to you  jealous!!! lol misser you
My girl @tjlefebvre is missing! Anyone seen her this evening? 
@laurenbavin Hey - you didn't tell me you had one of those!!! Jealous 
@PrincessShorty aww. sorry to hear  hope it gets better! listening to a podcast of the debate now. you spoke brilliantly!
@Knot2serious oh! Btw,@djrocko951 &amp; I tried to go to that Cuban buffet I told u about,so excited..it's closed on Mondays  SAD story!
Is upset that she couldn't find &quot;Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster&quot; on Twitter to follow 
why won't anyone enjoy pretty films with me 
Had too much fun last night- paying for it now... going to go and fry an egg 
Even after the Aust. gov. rolls out its $43 Bln 100Mb b'band, we'll still be way behind most of the rest of the worlds b'band speeds 
@jpiasentin Same, but unfortunately I have to pack now 
Going to school in twenty minutes. I have a head-ache T_T. I'm not looking forward to meeting my angry teacher 
@mrsfr Yes, unfortunately the date clashed with an important and long standing family party, got to do it on my own 
@RonJeffries I'd love to hire you again too, it was tons of fun last time. I don't do the budget tho. Or the hiring 
BOOO EE you suck! WHY Daniella, don't bring Sam back at all if it has to be her! Not happy  
it's mums birthday, im glad she likes her pressies. i'm looking forward to party time later this week, but sad im not going to cornwall 
ears size 00 hurt  watching chaos theory!!! wonderful movie love it!
No post or even any email, nobody loves you when your down, I'd take a long walk but don't have energy to get out of chair 
@davidkudrev It's just a pity that Facebook Chat has exceeded even MSN's amazingly level of unreliability! 
@rickrodgers just kidding man. RIM doesn't even have a sync client for Linux, and the opensync package sucks  at least it can charge lolz
@Wyldceltic1 so i read! i'm glad you're doing better. 
omg this bed is making me sick  i cant even sleep in it 
@etnobofin even google translator does not get it 
I know I shouldn't feel upset about losing a follower. Who was probably a porn star or trying to sell me something. And yet, I do. 
@MissWyn I bet you are  I remember Easter as a kid was so excited, you'll have a great day!
It was going to be sunny today, right? Why do forecasters always put my hopes up?  #fb
@happyahma - welcome back! Sorry to hear about the ants. 
is frightened cos its spider time.. i hope the flat repels them as i unfortunately haven't got a man to save me 
rain ruined the Malaysian GP - not much fun, neither any money from it ... 
@maxime68 Darn! Can't open it on my work computer. Not supposed to have fun at work  But thanks anyway!
I snickered for like twenty minutes thinking that was the awesomest name ever. 
Stuffy nose. Its preventing me from sleep.  any remedies?
@teleken Unfortunately, I don't. sorry  Hopefully you do find someone who can, though!
@lissie45 sorry, just saw the post, signed up even before i finished reading lol....these guys are gold. feel bad for those who paid 600 
@swellvintage A lot better today, thanks! Unfortunately being sick did not mean loss of apetite for me.  x
enjoying lunch at the lake of constance - uh that would be cool! but impossible 
y isnt it as sunny as yesterday 
I just got an amazing new pedal.... and I just blew both of my speakers. 
@craigelder proof reading Defra Greener Living Fund bid - only a Govt dept could have a grant application deadline this close to Easter 
@greyhoundgal omg front page! i'd be so excited, congratulations. sorry about torres hurting his paw tho  is that your dog?
I'm so tired for no reason (other than going to bed late and sleeping in lately)... it makes me angry... 
@marthagoneMAD  agreed. I wish it could just be pure and easy fun.
I really wish I was 100% better so I could be 100% awesome at work.  
i've lost my favourite mac lipgloss...i'm so upset about it....i never lose things 
is frustrated that Rudd cant facilitate private enterprise investing in our broadband infrastructure..instead he needs to waste our money 
@samdj1210 Unfortunately it didn't work. But thanks for the advice. I am bed ridden today 
isnt very happy with twitter at the moment.. wont let me upload my picture  wishing dougie or tom would reply to me..
well it sunny outside..... but im stuck indoors far far away from a window  roll on dinner
@boagworld The profile picture makes a happy return! I think I need a new promo picture 
@fairy06 OMG WTF! Sure, he talks NOW. I'm at school. I don't have a phone... 
Finally wrapped.  My body has literally broken down this evening.  In bed, return of super fever 
just got up, pshhh going on the trampoline, even though I am all sore 
Edict just been announced. No social networking using the office system  OK Tweet this then evening chaps 
My friend Coco (Chris) had a party this weekend, and it seemed to have been awesome. FAIL. I wasnae there   
@moony394 *huggggs* i'm glad you're here to help me through this  he was my favourite character. the white house sucks for stealing him 
im awake people , got nothing to do today  probably watch TV and get rid of all my programs on sky+ planner ( the joy NOT !!!! )
@nicholasbraun aww no fair, you didn't check the pic i sent you 
@Cynnergies Yep, I also seem to get a real slowdown most evening after around 6pm GMT 
all work and no play does not a happy Linda make  Can't wait for the holidays!
Hates his pills, oh god why do they have to taste so fuckin horrible. 0,5 liter of coke to flush them down isnt even enough 
@masterballerina haha but then u'd have 2 go to cambeltown.  omg i can't even draw well in inkart.
i can't enjoy the weather 
@StevenGhysel That seems to be a problem with Twitter's timestamps. Not much we can do about it 
Is happy because I annihilated a baby huntsman in my kitchen with the cooking pan..however this means a MAMA one may be in hiding  FUCK!!!
About to go looking for shoes for my brother, looking forward to Torquay in April. Not as sunny as yesterday here 
@moony394 it must be because i slash their characters  sighhh gonna go sleep and dream happy things about kutner
Babies a bit sick  poor honey. Having a relaxing day otherwise in Israel, enjoying all the fam.
What A Mistake Buying That Dress, I Dont Even Want To Go To Grad Anymore 
@holmpat Morning Pat!  Another one in sunny  spain?  Except its not sunny here today, cloudy and raining. 
@fragilemuse the book is awesome. there are some other great works in there too. couldn't afford to buy it today tho 
@Claire_S Will you be videoing or streaming or podcasting, Tweeting or anything else? Can't make it unfortunately. 
@ollyog Well not far from the station by the looks of it just head there ;) I'm actually jealous would love to be in Belgium right now 
@binncheol  you should listen to some music by this dude called andy hull and afew other blokes. I even hear they're playing ldn tomorrow!
the computers might be operational but there still isn't much to do 
@andy_cyrus im still awake too lol cant sleep  glad your up tho (:
Taking the rents to the airport...not excited about being up this early.Have to go to work at 8. 
Why does it take so long to go through one lecture which only took 52 mins to give?! and it's sunny outside. Someone is mocking me 
This is amazing. But I can only get 41 words per minute  http://play.typeracer.com/
Bored of Sims for today  Still thinking of a name for me and Lukes youtube account to post our awesome new vid on  ideas people!!
@Katestar Oh yes, extremely fun when whoever you talk to actually doesn't want to talk to you... I'm so lonely 
@JonathanRKnight  You sure did do some tweets, and i missed them  glad to see you're enjoying urself, always nice to hear from you. x
finding it incredibly unfair that mom got more tan than i, even though i spent more time in the sun  miss him like crazy!
Leanne is angry at me 
Btw Eventbox is available for free on Macheist for every visitors. Unfortunately I switched to Tweetdeck  http://macheist.com
@kaitlinmonroe Aw, that sounds so fun! I'm so bummed that I missed it  Did you get to meet anyone?
@Pigman i love the cooler trenchcoat weather!! but DNW the darker evenings as it's scary to run at night 
@jedi58 Yup. The whole game was amazing technically, it looked great. Gutted I sold the game and my original Xbox now actually. 
@lyn_ thanks hun.. didnt even no he was going to be on... pitty we couldnt see him sing 
finishing the tax return... instead of making some tracks or enjoying the sun... 
is feeling even worse..  cold, cough, sore throat.. the works 
is feeling weird today. happy and sad at the same time. and missing my people from italy  ilyyy &lt;3
@heidimontag : i dont know im in the UK so isn't out here yet  so jealous
@alexfoster  re cat. Prob have amazing effect on vet bills too?  Watch for changes in character of remaining cat-puss!
@CatQ was so thinking of you, family and friends. Glad you're okay! But It's a black day for Italy, with all those people killed. 
It's so upsetting. Ami's in agony and the vet can't see her until 6pm. My poor little thing 
gets to speak to my boyfriend til about 3! so happy! but then cant speak to him til may! that may hurt a little!! 
a sad day I morn for my awesome car  http://twitpic.com/2y82e
loaded with the cold  great fun!!!
up early. my stomache is acting funny 
@Mirror_Kiss no, i don't have money, i'm very upset too 
@khensu83 I always feel like that too  have an amazing day though xx
@joypalmer I wake up at 2am and think, ah yes, that's mice running around in the ceiling again 
gotta calm the weekends down monday blues carrying on into tuesday 
@Andy_Winward Only &quot;seem&quot;, Funny? 
is depressed he isn't going to be able to see David Archuleta. 
is somehow sick again...2 days till my exam..wonderful timing 
is annoyed with the amount of glass on dublin roads and the number of punctures I am getting 
@incrediblesteve  Cold turkeys the only way I know 
Dogs around my ankles as I've had to lock them in the study with me, away from the builders. Oh joy, only another 14 weeks of this. 
@yayitsfoogie aww  well i thought it was a fun website anyway. don't be lonely!
@shaksiyya what was going on with you guys over the weekend Shak??? was not happy, my CD collection is outdated!! 
Is not a happy chappy.... 
just couldn't sleep last night.    Working 7a-3p, than dinner with Megan.  Happy Bday JL!
I'm getting more and more people asking where they can buy the #Ambients album. Simple answer is &quot;not yet&quot;  It'll be on iTunes eventually
@gavlp yes, I hope these shocks are going to stop soon - I think I'm getting angry with Earth itself 
@bloodrush545 Ugh. Pizza would be fantastic right now. Too bad this isn't phx. No pizza places open ppast like 10 here. 
@sonnyjoeflangan oh awesome, shit i missed it 
Wow.(non work related) I've been doing the SEO for a site I designed and it's now ranking 1-5 on MSN, Google and ASK - Sadly, not Yahoo 
@FREDDIESDOUBLE glad i'm not at work, but fed up of being in pain... permanent earache for almost a yr is not fun 
Webview (one of control of iphone sdk) is too slow that even for loading local custom page it takes a marginal time 
Didn't even want to get up for work this morning. I just wasn't feeling it, but had to anyway. 
Just booted into Windows to upload something since Internet is even worse under Ubuntu 
NBCNews reporting Pres Chief Econ guy #Summers is loaded with Wall Street money (8mil from a HedgeFund) from banks that were bailed out 
@tommcfly have fun tom, i need to buy eclipse too but i have no money. sad timess 
A long flight is made even longer by a seat that won't recline. Off the red eye and grumpy 
Archiving project files to SharePoint. This is not fun 
#i36 Hope I'm feeling better by thursday, will be seriously annoyed if I'm ill over LAN 
Back from Bangalore, Missed dancing with a handsome wonderfully smiling foreigner  
Did not sleep well at all, and have a very unhappy stomach. 
skooool   i hope for some reason it is SOOO MUCH fun, and like the best.  hehe
@cuprohastes Don't feed cars Milky Ways though - they don't like it. That advert was very misleading - breaking down on the A14 isn't fun 
just read R#42's amazing blog. so tired  don't want to go to school tomorrow either. hmmph 
i hate being awake!  going to school, western civ presentation andn a really awesome lunch.
slept wonderfully- finally.  tried swatching for new project (Classic lines cardi) from stash but don't like colors  must wait for now...
@loudmouthman yeah, I even turned off rules and spam blocking 
@alesa13 nothing new here, same old boring crap  but at least theres sunshine...and tequila!  whats new with u?? have fun :*
grrr my tv signal is really bad! its not even picking up one single channel 
Migraines are not fun.. I wanna cry 
@Nappytabs aaaaah im insanely annoyed at the fact that i didnt get to meet you  and i wanted it to be my birthday wishhh. ahah awwwwwww.
I'm too sick from my meds to even stand  FML
@Tittch Big hugs, I hope everything goes peacefully 
@HarrietPenguin Very jealous! Seeing him later this year at MEN but won't be the same as a little gig 
gets kinda annoyed for no apparent reason  off to do some religion homework, then some english D:
is job hunting again... dont want to but i'm too unhappy at work. been there too long n need to leave n do something i enjoy.  
@mellalicious haha no, she isn't here unfortunately  this is the one person in the house who isn't cool.
Wow, I am so going to say this in a sarcastic manner,&quot;Friend, you rock.&quot;. I'm appalled, but kind of expected it. 
wish I could think of some fundraising tips that are JustGiving related, altho fundraising not going so great tbh. Am v depressed 
@trendbuero Hey that was fast! Kudos ;-) The tinyURL you use is unfortunately broken 
Ako sa lahko a lacno dostat ku knihe Normana Fairclougha Analysing Discourse? 
what a fantastic week end -- did some plumbing -- didn't work, fitted a touch panel --- broke it 
@klariza that's awesome! I love having stuff to look forward to but I don't have much in the near future 
so friggen jealous of sarah. BRADIE WEBB WAS TALKING TO HER! 
@JohnPeel haha yeah that is the most ad could manage!! this is hell were bloody brilliant, crowd turn out was pathertic though 
I find my book in the food books section and not the photo section because it has some recipes  I'm not happy
@danfairs cheers dan, is for a Notes developer at the university. 3 hour lunch break now 
still feeling almost entirely overwhelmed by an uncomfortable desire for swift and violent revenge 
Had another amazing night with Tyler :* now off to work .... gotta make coffee for the early birds 
Bah, annoyed I can't go running with my fractured sternum. Probably another 2 weeks before I can. Will miss the next fell race 
is thinking how short are the Easter Holidays even before starting 
@bradiewebbstack aww wish u talked to mee...might get upset now 
@rdf_pr msu lost it in the first ten minutes. Maybe even the first five. Congrats! 
Enjoyed Wrestlemania and would much rather be at home then being stuck at work 
@dastevens I'm so sorry  I hope you feel better soon!
@AbbieLeona_Ox Liverpool. Don't get me jealous  going to london on thursdaiii 
Fed up. Stir crazy. Bought lovely new clothes lst wk and haven't even got them out of the bag. 
I'm back in the world.  Funeral was sad. 
I had only 3 hrs of sleep  now i have to function! my knees r so weak! I REALLY HOPE YOU HAVE A GOOD PLAN!!!
Woke up about 3 hours later than I had intended- the joys of staying up to watch a basketball game in the US, which my team lost. 
@Aneeqah Only a pleasure... Someone had better have come brownie joy, and it ain't going to be me  Pigging out vicariously through you!
@JohnGreenaway o that's fantastic. i hate timesheets, but they are forcing me to do them now 
Oh Boy.  I get to got to the field tomorrow.  Small planes are no fun.  
@jun6lee Why so harsh? 
@Nikki you're right - @innocentdrinks and Coca Cola seem like polar opposites in ethical terms  will Innocent become like Sunny Delight?
mending my banjaxed back and watch daytime tv not fun 
@mileycyrus wow early start. I havent even been to bed yet. Hope your tummy feel better soon  love your aussie fan ;) xxx
Got zoo much work to do it's not even funny 
waiting to go to work...all my family is sleeping and I am not...  not fair.
@cuzza that sounds almost as good as nandos ;-) related; nandos have increased prices again 
Have so much to do today: hand in coursework, pack and tidy (and this is the wost work) and then my shift at work from seven. Shattering 
Such a sunny, hot day! So beautiful but I feel so bored 
@stephenfry missed you  hehe glad you're home Stephen!
@MarieLuv That is still terrible, but unfortunately these things happen.  Hope your friend wasn't too upset about being conned like that 
so tired   in my room chilling out. fun :|
Oh scheisse... Ashley simpson is going to be on Melrose Place? Just when i was content with ignoring her existance &amp; marriage to pete  grr
Yuck this is the earliest Ive been up in awhile and its NOT fun 
hates replaying that night in my head!!!! can't i just be happy now...?  I love you little brother... &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
@NathanaelB awww no fair! i is a big girl but not a big boy!  you will be sorry when i bite u on bum! then u see who is big playa
@stephenfry enjoy wandering around. I wish I could join you. Or at least be in London 
@raspberry I am trying only to spend if I have paypal funds, which I don't right now.  Plus cat might need to go the vet again this week.
@stevengsaunders I miss Taco Bell toooooo.  There should be WAY more Taco Bell franchises. 
Going to school and enjoying my last day as a 16 year old  but  too
@bradiewebbstack :O socks and showers? they dont mix, trusst me. they get wet and you cant wear them anymoreee  its miserable
@sage_rules I wish it were that easy bro.  I am srsly down over this.  I couldn't even finish my yummy oatmeal today 
one word to sum up today-  oh wow its not even a bloody word.
Really cold and miserable morning. Didn't get a workout in last night or this morning, this sucks 
Wonderful weather in Rochester this morning  - http://twitpic.com/2y9o1
@witchescupboard Yes unfortunately.. Just a lot of the stress I've been dealing with lately.. 
has got an upset stomach 
@xxandip i missed it too - v.upset  katie xx
Nneka, this is useless. what is Twitters point? like i don't even know if you can message people.. mehh 
@hedj But I'm not drunk now! I needed it last night, I was sounding a bit desperate I think 
yay lovely weather outside dudes ;) Im pretty happy and unlucky same time  whatever !
My 4 year old son doesn't like The Smiths  &quot;Because that man sings funny&quot;
getting ready for a 2nd day of Faith-based and Neighborhood Partnerships -  still happy re OK visit - although no Braums this time 
@thecoveted Oooh! I love those earrings! Do you mind if I ask which craft store you went to? We don't have much up here unfortunately 
@y2kprawn good luck with that, in Sligo it's raining really bad after a nice and sunny morning 
i have a headache , runny nose , cold body even though covered with 2 thick blankets , &amp; a cup of cordial. horrible combo 
unfortunately I missed out on getting a photo with ZQ  Zarina Gen &amp; Jess got one though
@dastevens - Yikes! Stay in bed and forget the weather. Hope you get to feeling better.  Poor you!
Still very upset but strong;; barely slept last night so I'm going to try and sleep again. I miss him so muchh 
No Red Sox opening game for me.  Conflicts will prevent me from going to the rescheduled game.
at work and I'm tired even though I went to bed early 
My rattie is still sick has pneumonia n a tumor  im really run down n depressed n havin a fibro day.
Not very happy because my laptop decided to delete all my music 
@iamjonathancook have fun tonight. I wish i could gooooo 
is soo bored and  i just wanna go out and have some fun but thandis at some gay thing all day 
@ollyog I really am jealous 
I'm feeling ecstatic!! I met James Matthews and Josh Wilkinson and got James Towel xD, maan my ears are still ringing and my throat hurts 
@Nathaniel_3 well im someone's bitch. I cant say no cause i feel guilty. Even though i hate it. And my arms are sore from moving fixtures 
Just woke up. I need more sleep. Funeral at 12 
back at work, haven't even managed to get through the new emails in my inbox yet 
It's so cold this morning! Not even 40 degress today. I'm wearing 3 layers and still shaking. Brrrr.... 
Shame processing pics isn't as much fun as actually taking them  .
I'm trying not to do anything today as I probably have the flu, but still have mtg with my adviser, career fair, chem quiz, &amp; group mtg! 
Just booked a dentist appointment, what joy 
@kristenkreuk Hey Kristen, thought ur work on Smallville was awesome, havnt seen SF (not released in Aus yet)  Any new projects coming up?
@tinkissarah Have fun!!  Am off to do some cleaning at the bungalow 
I'm obssesing about my weight! Gah! I can't stop thinking about the lbs. I've gained!!! It's making me upset 
@davidlink awesome to see you'll be speaking at WordCampNOLA. Wish I lived closer 
Trying to talk myself into being excited about a long day at work!  
I spent 52 paying bills today. Goodbye money, it was fun while it lasted... 
ughhh schoool sooooon  (i'm holding every breath for you &lt;3) [Tila i love you so much,thank you for everything!you are amazing!xox]
Just enjoying a rammed post office experience 
@mitchgdodge well if you told me you wanted to go I had an extra ticket for sunday  you missed out it was hella fun.
@ahkai 1 death, 1 miscarried n 1 still critical condition is v grave 
is not at all excited about packing (all over again) and putting up at someone else's place. 
9:30PM! So I asked my teacher if I had to speak about my project and she said noo! I am so happy. I might have spewed up! 
- Listening to the new Eminem track...Same formula as always - Funny track, serious Track, track about killing someone, the end. boring 
well after our sunny weekend we woke to ice and snow this morning 
Thinking of the fun we missed last weekend but had to work 
@daibarnes I've just looked on your list and it isn't there  http://www.diigo.com/user/daibarnes/moodlefairy?tab=250
The pool was actually closed! couldn't even swim  good thing i biked and ran this morning...even on a busted foot!
@moderateorgood how long were you planning to live? Life expectancy in Lewisham is low 
Heard AT&amp;T selling mini laptops for 50 bucks. Got excited, then learned that the special was only for Atlanta/Philly. 
@xx_maria ugh sux2bus. i'm on prepaid as well so accessing the net is bloody expensive! &amp; pretty sure txt updates cost a fair bit too. 
Is home! Been @ WCH since 8:30AM this morning. Been awake since 4. 2nd born in over night; she is not a happy camper  #WCH #tired
@purple_hoodie  That's quite a bad break. I drop my mobile a fair bit too.
way jealous of lauren going to see go audio tonight 
we had sunny days, now the rain is coming again  can't go for a walk with my baby
I almost want to cry because I'm so damn frustrated. I can't breathe through my nose at all, so I can't sleep. No rest=no getting better. 
Enjoyed playing golf yesterday in the sun, now reaching for the paracetomol before badminton session 
@Sheamus any chance you can switch from bit.ly to tiny url? I can't read any of your links at work as bit.ly gets stopped as 'malicious'. 
@TomFelton omg that sounds amazing! i live all the way in bangkok so I don't get the chance to see shows like these  enjoy!
Going to Gulf Shores. But not for fun. For work 
@amazingphoebe i guess so :/ but i'ma still be hell fucked off those nights regardless, i guess 
@quii  Jealous Java programmer -&gt; @HeyChinaski
@lickmycupcakes  So sad when animals are unhappy, my dog has mastered the reproachful-youre-breaking-my-heart puppy look.
jealous of all the people tweeting about meeting amber benson at supernova/king comics signing.  hope the perth supanova gets some stars.
Dang. I had hoped to make my Xcake debut soon, but can't make Thursday evening 
@dkingh Glad you still like it! Still want one of my own hahaha, but i don't have the time to make one... 
thinking how i am actually gonna revise for my gcse's which are very soon unfortunately 
Work... again. I didn't even wake up last night when Muffin came to bed 
@hollyalyxfinch Oh, Holly!  Take no notice of these morons - we think you're wonderful and very talented 
is NOT a happy bunny. so-called friends have gone and ruined my chances on this project! 
Would be fantastic if my home loan wasn't fixed. Everyone is rubbing their hands together with this interest rate cut, except for me 
#untwitter the &quot;trash-bin&quot; solution doesn't work! the tweet is in the indexes and propagated, even if it disappears from my personal list 
I am NOT jealous of my friends with iPhones.  I'm not!  ...I'm not... Really... 
@ChrisInBoston Baston... that sucks dude.    {{sending happy thoughts your way}}
@Helenszone unfortunately no, it's in the non-nkotb section  i'm still trying to figure out my AS spin-off..
@rexnebula Congratulations!! I'm glad the job went well for you!!   about the no snacking....perhaps you can get some quality snacking in
@Willie_Day26 u won't be singin that song lmao (smh) its soooo embarassing but it is cold and snow on the ground  hope y'all enjoy the  D
shed a tear for &quot;gran torino&quot;  another vintage from the clint eastwood stable of movies
@KarimJebari thanks for concern. No physical harm. I was just about to enjoy some malatang when I found my wallet forever gone. 
I'm so bored  But its sunny for once but i can tell its gonna rain 
accidentaly overslept   had to drive this morning/stare at the sun.   5 page paper to start and finish in an hour. oh joy.
is halfway through &quot;A Thousand Splendid Suns&quot; and already thinks it's brilliant... and so very sad 
 my housemaid.........oh I hate her :s  I guess she has alzheimers she didn't even know MY NAME
I'm not excited for the yearly Holy Week trip to the beach. 
@SeanMalarkey Its evening here in India! Right now, Studying for exams! 
@Jeni86 Its only Tuesday gorgeous!! hasnt even reached mid week yet 
Glad my PC had stopped randomly crashing;  it wasn't very conducive to work  - http://bkite.com/06fNh
@SL05NED hey not bad lol &gt;&lt; well im writing notes and notes and more notes then referring back to them.. dunno if it will even work 
A glorious sunny day and I've got a headache 
@malvim It's funny because it's true... 
glorious sunny day and i'm stuck in work 
Nite all.  It's been quite an epic event for me, setting this all up on my own and the remote dial in to my office didn't go as planned. 
I'm really sick  I have to go get a bunch of tests at the doctors today. They think it might be lyme. I'm really not excited about this...
@NowGamer_Dan and for the xbox360 even 5.9/10  I hope that I will disagree with that next week when I get the game ...
just sittin glooking out my window in work &amp; its raining  wish i was of sunny myself somewhere exotic!
No Internet = No updates  Brilliant weekend down to Coloba and everywhere inbetween... Bringing home a monkey...
@DHughesy Unfortunately I wouldn't pass the colouring in section to get on the show 
Not happy with the snow today... 
I posted my '91 Golf up for sale last night and I'm already getting a fair amount of interest! Going to be sad to see her go.. 
Workin the election, driving round checking on judges and eqip... sick. So much more fun when healthy. 
would have been delighted by this snow a few days ago but.. i just sent my winter coat, hat, gloves, uggs, etc. home with the parents  #fb
Man im so tired its just not funny  i need/want to sleep but my eyes dont want to close
@rootvet Unfortunately not  Featured Seller status offers preferred placement as a user and with all uploads.
Is Meant To Be Getting Ready To See Sophie At Half Past But I Havent Even Got Dressed Yet xD I Have A Headache  Oh I Better Rush &lt;3
Eight hours. 1500 words. Lucy happily reparked. Brain composed largely of mush. Beginning to freak out about Thursday while it's Tuesday. 
I am about to slap Pops' negative gravity around him for causing him to fall again. 
@dbferguson Happy Birthday!!! Sorry you have to work today. 
No jobs today, not in the mood to apply for any even if there were, I want to go home 
I wonder if this is somehow related to my nose being freezing yesterday  But I drank orange juice and got 8 hours of sleep... *sad*
our littlest hen is looking a bit miserable, hope it's not the return of being egg-bound 
@gazpachodragon Unfortunately he saw my sneaky advances and has already squirrelled it away deep under his desk 
i wish it was sunny  at least then i could try get a tan lol
doesn't know why her body hates her. she is getting sick again and woke up before 7 am on a day when she doesn't even have classes 
@cyclesocial 3 out of 3 comments are negative on that story http://tinyurl.com/cgqajm UK Society seemingly doesn't want to slow down 
@rabble I know   And others shouldn't even be mentioned on that paper. In any case, it's unbelievable to read that stuff.
@ellielocke you have 1 day till easter? no fair, i have two days and two exams till my easter break 
Daylight saving is over  it I'd now dark at 7! Not fair! I don't like it 
Some things even spell check can't fix 
Got my ass KICKED at the pool function last night... I've never been so sore!!! 
Doubt anyones even reading these. Lol. I have no followers! 
Just stopped in at Subway. They didn't have the Fearless songbook at Music Cellar  Spent 6.50 on theory books I don't even want :/
i'm at work. also just realized i am going to fall about $100 short of depleting my work-study funds. noooooo i refuse to work extra days 
The animatic project is done. Got a positive result.  Now I just have to write a 20 page report in 2 days. It's gonna be fun. 
the seas are rough today....my stomach is not gonna be happy 
@SelenlovesMcfly NOOOOO!!   Are they really angry? :'(
@troubalex Sorry, we see  this twitter account is for you personally. Should we follow another for #qt4 community events? Are we alone? 
Is it Friday yet? Thankfully I have Friday off so maybe I should ask if it's Thursday yet? And the answer, unfortunately, is still no 
I feel like death, can't even believe I'm at work right now 
@GiulianaRancic:I'm very excited my cardio kickboxing instructor is teaching close by again! I had lost 30 lbs w/her. Back on w/out her 
Having an awesome time in Florida...but its my last day.  
@ProudKiwi I'm still working 
@LiquidDragn I can't even pretend I understand what is going on. Ps. your stinkpad is dying 
It's sunny!  But I need to wash dishes 
Jays home opener was amazing!  No streakers though 
~ANNOYED that my pic won't upload...and nooooo it's not too big!! 
@sinjax Alas MusicBrainz does not recognise the mp3  http://content.ytmnd.com/content/1/2/a/12a04f12b7524534b0275a0ab5fcab9e.mp3
@dylansongs No unfortunately, it seems to be only available in the US. Not Canada either. 
i am miserablely sick 
@SLessard Hi Stefan!Unfortunately i can't go to DMB concert in Brazil  I was studing surgery,i'm becoming to be a doctor i was busy :/
@andrewcareaga Tried to listen to the Hold Steady, but there's no way to taste the songs before purchase. 
why do i only think of good april fools jokes waaaaaaaaay after its over! didnt even fool anyone 
Woke up to the sound of scraping frost off of a car windshield  work, then 4 page play review....oh today is not looking fun
@RebeccaHappy I just miss the 4th Amendment. 
@hayleykitkat Best place to be! Much better than a silly office  Although it is sunny out so a beer garden would be great right about now!
@sskarimi Enjoy the sun! I have to work... 
Ha ha got all excited because I got a new text then realised it was from service provider 
Happy Birthday, @rrdad! Too bad you also are travelling today. 
cooks rolling to leicester edi if u can put a shouta out 2 tonite its gna b amazing but im not going to be there  lol NEED SOME FOLLOWERS
Unfortunately, I didn't wake up from my nap  Sorry, @GloriaLynn30
@sheslykeomg well I told her off a few weeks ago and she's on a downward spiral ever since. If you even mention my name, she goes nuts. 
Upset that my cat won't take her medicine, again.  
Tax day it is! Started the tedious task by saying hello to my  friend Turbo Tax. It is such a fun day I can't even put into words 
@RicardoTech Unfortunately I'm not allowed to splurge it all  Otherwise it'd be a netbook and a DSi for sure...Now I have to choose one
@thomasfromleeds hey thomas! been very busy, but busy smiling too! apart from last night when i got the wolves score 
Ugh, fixed my #iPhone syncing issue,  just two days ago, now it's back again. Not happy. 
@techathead no, but my blackjak's media player is corrupt (even tho it's in ROM) so also won't ring. They say I need to get a replacement 
@dysconnection is very jealous of Birmingham 
@charliehedges Im glad your having a good second day off- i've spent my 2nd day having to do the garden  too many bugs-not my style!
Woke up with a migraine  today can't even put contacts in its so bad. Wish I could call into work but can't hope the babies are not fussy 
@Kal_Penn The episode broke my heart, even though we'd speculated that this was what was coming   Will miss you terribly on the show.
@freshfelicity I prefer foraging too! But will buy if I have to. Richmond is fairly far, I am in Zone 3 NE London 
is missing her best friend   but hoping the happy, cold couple is having a good time and does not forget the Imo's Pizza.
is going to miss her doggy Otis very much. 11 years of wonderful companionship for us all darling boy  Rest in peace 
@grift24 lol gladly! i made a lot! but I can't bring it to school 
@mrskutcher stop showing off  UNFAIR!
Puffy eyes are awesome!  I don't even have a good story to go along with it 
@Bethness Me = jealous. Wish I was at home 
The perfect girl for me is sitting in a cubicle next to me... unfortunately she's already taken 
how come whenever i am able to tweet, no one is there? and when i am busy, the most awesome conversations happen? sad face 
@sohmer automated offiste backups for that sort of thing = happy no more drunken deletefest ruining your life. Don't ask how I know. 
quaker oat squares are the best cereal. unfortunately, i was all out of them this morning and this makes me sad 
@sharkeymalarkey NO, that's not a funny thing    I've already collided enough worlds this week; it's a little weird.
Long day of moving and painting with the fam, they even &quot;treated&quot; me to a huge McDonnalds dinner   people need to learn about health food
@djlissamonet they have thankfully. Unfortunately after much loss of life 
My bed just feels too amazing. Dont make me get up! 
@wisteela sunny and windy here now the rain didn't last long 
@tharensolo i'm so sorry. that's really not fair at all. 
Going into work...even though I feel a little nauseous...  
@csutherland76 Wasn't the easter bunny - I ran him over a few years ago. True story - I was even told he was holding a basket of eggs 
Teaching on very little sleep: This will be fun. 
my shoulder is killing me oh my god i cant even move it 
@lowster you haven't even sais hello to some of your older followers 
Mah head hurts...advil not helping &amp; off to work I go...today is not gonna be fun 
Fun morning getting new servers into racks (with a helper this time!). Afternoon less fun, writing up documentation. Still 4 hours to go 
grrr... at home, sick... so depressed... 
is still so depressed about dr. kutner on house...   whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy him?!
@ofantastic I'm there with you. Of course, when I get home, I don't feel that way anymore. 
internets sl0wz sauce, have to stream in low quality... this isn't fun 
@joyanne Thanks...   Also: argh. And gah. And a bit of meh.
@donnamcaleer Unfortunately, given that UConn has won every game this season by double digits, I don't hold out much hope for that. 
facebook is being a 'tard -.-'' I can't get a hold of my cousin and don't want to go out alone, 'cause that's no fun 
@lauraEchilds  you are enjoying this far far too much!
Im about to see that 60lb girl in my class. She even runs b4 class, makes me feel disgusting 
@John1954Moi hope the rain misses you, as it's pretty miserable here just now 
we owe like $350 dollars to the IRS   Fair tax anyone?  http://www.fairtax.org/site/PageServer?pagename=about_main
@noxhanti Almost, but not quite. Uncanniness and rampant Luddism might put paid to Replicants before they're even built 
@maryjanewatson i didn't even hear of it until i saw the story last night of her being found.i havent been doing news tho.sad story 
waiting to hear back from people I emailed... heading to work to do more transcribing... fun... 
The world is gray. I am depressed 
@CaraKeithley I'm so glad I wasn't tricked into planting flowers last week! Supposed to be another frost adv tonight 
@TehJeven ohh I didnt yet  perhaps I will get it later?
I can already teel that it's going to b a rough day and it's not even 9:30 yet! 
Oh joy... Work this Saturday  Glad I didnt make plans for Easter weekend.
there are days when I am so thankful my daughter goes to her school!!!  Today is one of those days... everything I say has been a fight 
Sick on top of my chronic issues...home work even though I just had 3 weeks off and have a short week this week! Just so ill... BLAH! 
Waking up to say goodbye is never a happy start 
and now... time to get ready for my exercise class... what a fun morning this has been 
Glad to be home! Back to our super busy life!! Feel like I'm missing my right arm without AJ!  2 more days!!!!
Sometimes my phone deletes all my messages before I can even read them. 
Feeling crazy allergic to something lately. It's no fun, and it doesn't make mornings any easier  I wanna go back to bed so badly.
why am i so thirstyyy?  in class even though i don't have the homework. was there even a point in going?
omg the ice cream van just turned up. i dont even have '1 in my purse for a 99  the bends is getting me v excited about reading tho (y)
back from university. happy about the weather. the only good thing today 
Happy to be alive... sad to be at work 
oh so the &quot;Legend Of Zelda&quot; movie was an April Fool's joke?  I was excited!
wow, being 16 sucks so far, sick. and i cant even listen to my music or sing because my throat and ears are infected. oh joy 
gah.. can`t even close tags these days.. man my skillz are so non-1337.. best get a job doing Frontpage on Win98 
is babysittin her stupid lil sister wen actually she shud be with her friends enjoyin the weather  you think im jokin
Forgot to turn on the espresso machine this morning....sigh....guess breakfast is going to have to wait. Not happy, am I. 
aww so jealous...we have no milo  @audrey_s2
Can't escape house spoilers even on the warcraft forums  damn you internet.
I can't believe this cool Day/Night Street Rock doesn't even have a single heart  http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=21362047
The Red Shore and ent will make this Tuesday a little more enjoyable...but that's after class  Hope I make it...
Had a rough morning. Weaning Noelan isn't fun for anyone. He's making sure that everyone knows he isn't happy  soooooo tired.
Yummy lunch with DR team at Sergios. Shame it was for @luckytenseven leaving 
@jamiecullum well at least it was guiness...it had a happy death... mine died with lemonade... 
&lt;- likes to go out on this beautiful sunny day, and drive his cbr but got work to do 
the mall at 10am... not fun 
Wow, I'm glad I don't live in Italy right now. Death toll's up to 207. 
says napaka hostile tuloy ng environment dito sa office ngayon...  http://plurk.com/p/n29vz
Enjoying the weather and cuddle my sick cat... poor girl has epilepsy 
Feeling very sleepy after the gym - need to snap out of it and drive to mansfield  not even hjad any dinner yet 
Day two of training a tech who doesn't even know ctrl-c.  He's probably not lasting here. 
@laurencetimms Argos was disturbingly uneventful. I'm disappointed. 
Why is my computer so damn slow these days?  No fun...
the #walthamstowEMD has taken another twist, unfortunately I wont be able to get back for the public proposal days in a fortnight 
is annoyed that she doesn't have her phone with her today 
is loving the sun  but is upset she cant make the picnic thurs 
@thenickel No fair! I wanna play, but I have stupid work and three hours of Economics 
I hope your happy with your love life because it just makes me cry 
glad she rushed to floor barre for no reason! 
@alchemuse Umm....  it should. It really really should. But it doesn't.  Brilliant Idea Fail for lack of a putty tat!
Lost a follower, thats just upsetting  ha
@kosmopolit On Belgian cable I have CNN or Euronews to choose from!  Rubbish either way. Oh, when the cable even works. Grrrhhh.
@dani_seaton sorry to burst the sunny bubble, but pouring in Westboro, probs moving its way to you 
@gladysrobles good morning! I'm already at work.  what time do you go in?
Spring break isn't as fun as I had wished it was going to be. 
@Coatney just depressed the hell out of me. &quot;You started the same day as @Biz, right?' 'Yes.' 'Sorry you manage me and he's on Colbert.' 
headed home to celebrate the long life of my grandpa  Bittersweet.
IN Jamaica..enjoying the hot sun.....i don't want to leaaaaave 
@LeeannBB Anyone....  been a crap day here ... now 12am and I guess time for bed. up at 5am! How is lovely sunny UK?
I can't even poop in peace 
@DesertRose27  uhh yeah... u better find out!!! that would be way awesome!!! for u... i am not  a WOW fan 
ay nag-online sandali dahil atat sa grades. Unfortunately, di pa rin complete ang grades ko sa CRS.   http://plurk.com/p/n2exb
@SherriEShepherd why does Joy always look so unhappy on the show.  At times very grumpy   
Mos amazing food ever! I loved my lunch I am stuffed! best food I had out here since I came to Spain! Everything else has gotten me sick 
Feeling really unspeakably bummed out today. Have absolutely no idea why, which is bumming me out even more.  Bah.
@mileycyrus Billy Ray's new album is fantastic. I'm listening it on iTunes. I'd buy it but it's not out in Aus  Make it come out here!
oh god. so sick of editing. not even halfway through 
going home today  such an awesome vacay!
@antzpantz that makes me sad  the ones i make are happy and delicious 
@karlseguin Ack, doesn't seem to work anymore  was an awesome tool!
@tomashastings More OS fun...  Muddling thru so I can get my pics up today tho!
I get my new camera on Thursday! Im so excited I could piss myself. Oops I already did! 
@natfriedman Yes, and he's even hiring, but now that I own a house, I'm not in a great position to relocate to Emeryville. 
@michaelgrainger lol. poor thing. I'm ok. On the phone at the mo. My best friends mum is in hospital  Just found out. She's stable now
is annoyed when other people are &quot;too busy&quot; to do their work, so they ask me to do it. not fair!  
@justincresswell  I can't go to the networking event tonight, I'm interviewing a girl at 6 
@stephenfry All I get is &quot;damn you're white&quot;. Even in winter 
@starbreaker85 I wish I could do that...unfortunately, it's at work where I need mine.  
Working on WWF banners now. Was very upset when I figured out that WWF was some panda stuff and not World Wrestling Federation  
@LeMinxxx you look angry in your picture now...  LOL
Watching EastEnders Revealed while eating chicken noodle soup. Going to get upset all over again re: Danielle &amp; Ronnie. 
is having a wonderful morning....NOT! Oversleeping is not good! 
msn just deleted all my contacts. awesome. add me again 
smile on my face anymore he just makes me extreamly depressed its fair to say I'm put off 
really want to go v fest  the saturdays, lily allen, lady gaga AND katy perry! not fair 
Trying desperately to find a particular 'fandom secret' about Gert Yorkes but failing miserably 
Gawd in so out of it.... Presentations for my ENG class.. So freakin scary! I didn't even finish it. I kno I'm a bad person. 
@J44SS Meany, you got me all excited for 90210 and its not out today  what cha doing?
@airwanderor I'm sry I missed out on ihops. My nose kept bleeding profusely. No fun 
Still happy that I'm a Spartan!!  Now, wishing this terrible sore throat would go away! 
Bummed because she is bummed  but kind of happy Lent is over in FIVE days.
@cventooraa they were amazing!!! im sad i didnt get to give u or number 5(who was killin it!!!) a huge hug 
last night was way to over whelming... i need to get away, and ive just gotten back..  8.5 more weeks and then the fun begins.
Sick at home  The worst part is I can't even play Guitar Hero World Tour... My life sucks...
Biolife  , class, choreographing some recital routines, cleaning..not a fun day, but at least my babe comes home tonight&lt;33
Www.fmylife.com wow sometimes this site is funny, but other times it just really depressing  Shame that this kind of stuff happens to ppl
@kyndoll yo yo happy birthday! wish it was my birthday, instead i got da mono... shitty 
desperate times call for desperate measures. record high of car break-ins in #btv. i was one of them 
@deceptive_chick your mantra sounds like no fun 
@loqenz_niteowl I'm glad she got there safe! Miss her already 
The ONLY negative about my new Panera office? The elevator music...snore. Kind of annoying actually. Forgot headphones 
@Izan13 minus out the sand I'm envious...wish we could go to the beach sometime    sorry you were sick that day &amp; had a sand blowing day
Is desperate for some work, getting slightly bored now 
This is a lot harder than I realized, but I know this is the only way to go in order to be happy in the long run.  Just right now it sucks
haha! its amazing isnt it! miss you! i wanna come back 
First time to go negative in my bank account!!  i am not a happy camper!! what was i thinking!
@starry___eyed haha its amazing right! i miss you! i wanna come back 
@surblimity hope they are treating you well! Hospitals are no fun 
Remember that laundry I was lamenting about last night? Well, it's still there. The laundry fairy didn't come take care of it. 
is not very happy today! 
justin-hard time finding work me-hard time being happy 
awesome. no voice again today. work is going to be impossible. 
Happy opening day! Wish I could be getting ready to go to the Giants game instead of work 
@hayden_harnett Unfortunately, that's been happening since yesterday 
@jenlar So not fair. Some of us are stuck at work...  I wanna be cozy at home!
@RobPattinson_ I can imagine the amount of messages you get everyday! I wish my job was exciting as yours! Enjoy everymoment of it for me 
@CuddlyDragon Heading back home on Thursday evening after work I'm afraid. 
Omfg, days like these kill my soul. And it's not even lunchtime yet. 
does not enjoy being beaten on wii fit  GAME ON.
@kirsty_lee My battery life is about two hours; if I'm doing internets or have 2+ programs open, it'll die even faster! 
Feeling very, very envious of everyone who has already seen Star Trek in Austin, TX and Australia. 
@ASacco almost, but still about 2 months short. I got mine Nov.21 and even with the annual upgrade I would still have to wait. 
okay this holiday i plan to. go shopping in birmingham, have a sleepover. urm, go down walsall. do more fun stuff 
i dislike dreams that make you feel sad even after you wake up 
I found a thorpe park brochure from 2004 whilst looking for a revision notebook. I'm jealous that annual passes used to be '80 
@robby1051 I know people who don't even use the straps. Makes me nervous 
very angry 
Just woke up. Still no tax refund 
Happy and sad, I don't have to go into work until 3:25 today, but I miss out on my 12 Asian kids on a bus route. 
@jfuzell omg.this is the horrible mindset i've been having for a month now.  hope u r doing well! o &amp; enjoy ur weather. its snowing here 
I dreamt that i was failing one of my classes. It was not fun 
My external HDD sometimes fails to get recognized by Windows. I think problem might be conflict with USB hub. It's not fun to use anymore 
@rainbow_spitt So glad Eddie's okay... really sucks about the car, though 
@MirandaNicole Oh no! I hope he's doing better and even more that you and he got some rest. 
had fun at chars......now cleaning my room 
woken up v early by a big pair of brown eyes. unfortunately they don't belong to a puppy...   but they do belong to an evil mayan 
@beccus And, unfortunately, probably never will. 
@thebraysmommy oh, yea...would have been better, not function well, at work... i.dies.    [sobs]
@cowhateration true your art gets to live on forever but shot glasses are finite  lmao
going to work... the work that pays the bills  not the fun one 
@rehab_fairy  sorry 
@wickedtrue Boo no work.   in unrelated news can you get your highly-paid roommate to contact me?  I sent an email last week, no response.
amazing how his big head hasn't made him lose his balance and fall on his face...yet...and I love him too much to watch it happen. 
@enoch111 Whoops. I got a little too happy. Doesn't work. Takes me to Cisco's page.  Shoot.
@nina_oliver lol yea. i really hated that episode last night. and i hated the fake obit online even more. im gonna miss him. 
Vacuuming your apartment with a dust buster is not fun. 
Rock Fore Dough is tonight &amp; I'm missing it  I can't wait til Friday when I'll actually be in AUGUSTA! PS - happy birthday eve to @LauRob!
@screamaimdance haha yeah that's the one :] and I tried with my Flickr but I can't even remember my Yahoo ID :S  Added you on my one
You guys have no idea how bummed I am that I'm still sick. This week was supposed to be awesome. I was going to learn things. 
Doing facebook quizzes... man some of them are so stupid... i don't know y i'm even takin them 
Wants to ditch class and work to enjoy the windless weather today.  but knowing NM weather it won't last long.
Desperately tired with another late night to look forward to  roll on Easter break!
is in desperate need of followers! 
@mdenny but not a fun one 
Hey twitters Blessed is back.... Yay!!!!!  In skool tlkin 2 the bestie bout my problems... Smh 2daii is not a good daii 
@jodeci4eva Man its really so hard to tell at times whos real and whos not just takes the fun out of twittering sometimes....  ugh...
It definitely isn't fun reading 8h of Tweets... 
@AaliyahLove69 It was awesome meeting you too! I'm sad that we didn't get a chance to shoot  I'm in Florida btw. Any plans to visit? lol
Back at work .... I am so upset my mom's puppy chewed up my Twilight book while I was sleeping and I just bought it last night    
: Gosh, I'm fucking emo. I wrote on status on facebook 4 her, mum turned off Tom &amp; Jerry (which me and Ruby was enjoying) For The Hills. 
@honey_bucket awww  but achewood is the awesomest. I got sable and my old roommates into it.
Up early because of school, only worked out for 35 minutes this morning... Gonna be in VNC all day until my evening class lets out. 
Already hungry for lunch and it's not even 11:00 am yet.  
Your average industry 'nilla porno doesn't even start around a coffee table anymore' what the hell? 
I'm so sunburned! It hurts so badly!! I can't even move 
Ate more chicken nuggets on the way, though no chips this time   Traditional Swiss Easter cakes for pudding, yum. Much fun was had by all
cold, tired, stressed, annoyed, irritated, getting sick... ugh, i hate life!!  can't wait till the weekend, i get to see people again...
The gassy girl wasn't there, and new girl did so awful I want to cry!!  Not even Coffee Coffee will make this better.  
i lost my flash drive!  I am so irritated with myself. my novel is on it. 
Could someone please send me some energy? I'm not functioning on all cylinders 
its amazing what a bonehead I  am sometimes. I need to start paying attention I think. 
@MoodySanguine I hear you! I just ran out and don't even have tea 
It is fun to email my Japanese friends! I wish they have a twitter 
@ bc Its not even funny 
Yeah so physio was crap, still about a month away from any form of real physical activity. Couldnt even sit and straignthen my leg 
Is depressed, RW is sold out  Help me out here! I'm despered
So happy no extra tax on booze  ole smokes 25cent though 
@Jimmers31 You and Ru aren't even working in the same office anymore and you still get sick?!  Feel better!!
i cant even look formy apartment cus those site are also blocked  boo!!
@selenagomez that dancing with the stars sound fun but i live in the UPPER MICHIGAN and i wish i could go.  
@HeatherOsborn aww i got all excited then 
@nmb340 Lol he wasn't yesterday but we're alright now  Aaghh i have to go to work when its nice and sunnyy... Typical! 
I wish we had something amazing to do for spring break but with other people on vacation Justin couldnt take time off. 
Even when you get to the DMV as it opens it's still a royal pain in the ass 
I hate it when i make a joke and no one laughs.  i feel... Not funny.
I'm home with a sick monkey again  poor kidlet has some weird cough. and pinkeye, just had to ambush her with eye ointment... joy!
@ConservaTeacher Bad food &amp; a bug = misery   Glad you're feeling better! 
i had an awesome dream last night, i had the cutest little boy in the world. now i wanna be a dad  
@audreythebunny may not be able to hang out tonight because of the undeniable amount of work that I must unfortunately do 
@TGAband its snowing  i cant even walk to my friends house
Unrelated, I totally left my jacket at the bar last night. 
is not happy with his team 
@Ottomaniac Of course I'm excited too!  Pictures!    You know me!  LOL  John has to work though so it's a bummer....  
Dear AT&amp;T:  Get your act together with the Coachella webcast.  I missed The Hold Steady end.    http://music.att.com
@mattrupp Unfortunately i think it will be a long t rek to get to where u are, so im stuck watching comedy central 
@DjWhutItDew sheesh such harsh words 
I was excited @ getting back nto the studio 2 record this weekend, but now I gotta check out a band instead. Gonna miss my Winna's sess 2 
@buttterx3 me eitherrr! idk, some people are just jealousss 
@Moodlegirl even if they don't twist it ... it's still there for media to produce league tables... and that leads to sink schools.. 
doesnt want school to start because she havent had enough fun! 
Had to leave Relay early   Unfortunately, homework takes precedence over having fun.
@Ktan91 aww fun fun! I hope you didn't erase them 
@que_day26 Why show so much attention to the haters but don't respond to fans that love you? U never respond to me  Just block that bitch
New lost ep is awesome. Don't wanna stop watching and get back to work 
@latinluvly awww I love my baby can't think about being without her I even hate leaving her in the morning to go to work 
I'm so upset with this phone  I hope it isn't broken for good. Stupid T-Mobile.
@SlowWolf  Unfortunately they've not managed to find a stable method of bottling up luck yet.
Alice is awesome. I wanna rip Jame's head off tooooo. 
Our dog is not feeling well and is moping. I always feel so helpless when that happens. Even Baby Tylenol didn't help this time. 
Headed home from work. Don't think I'm going to make it to the Run For Mercy tomorrow even if it isn't raining. Sorry Gene. 
I have to write Fishman's BS essay while at a funeral. 
@exhibitdarfur We are disappointed that Mia Farrow had to cancel her support for the Genocide Awareness Month event in DC on April 19 
@donnaontherocks  That's lame. I hope it improves as a whole. @Gothictany Yeah! It's gonna be fun! Pictures would be good so we can share!
getting sooooo tired, gotta be at work at seven am    YUCK
@KimKardashian Hope that nasty sun burn heals quickly  Dont worry babe your still beautiful even with the burn get better soon ;)
happy friday twitter bugs!! have a safe and fun night! im stuck in the house studying 
Getting the hang of this but none of my friends r even on here? 
@StarLITpr I'm so sad  I know it's fun!
wow....my Berkman bobble head just doesn't seem as fun now.   What a loss. 
getting ready for TAO .. even though Stan's MIA  hmm..
enjoying the last weekend before going back to work.. 
@brookeburke I dont know what my gym even looks like anymore, thats how long it's been since Ive gone 
@_kelli Sure! I'm thankful they did so much research. Horizon is at the bottom with 0 cows.    Sunnyside(Raleys) or 365(WholeFoods) 4 cows
the reason i left you tonight was that i thought you left me first all alone. even carlos took off. 
@destinyjoyful DEEsSSS I texted you and now I am about to go to bed  check your texts I tried to call too! I'll talk to you tom
The only thing I'm enjoying about this night so far is the wine. Ugh, we're getting our asses handed to us 
@iamjonathancook thanks, now that's going to be in my head all night. i'm upset you never gave me my other wishes yet, 
Laundry. Lonely. Very bruised up from My drunken week. In a gloomy mood. 
Excited for the Future Leader Class of 2010! (http://mbcfutureleaders.com) but sad that I've only got two months in the program left! 
@beep your article didn't cure my insomnia  thanks for an interesting read tho (and I'm not even a web developer)
Working on a saturday is definitely not fun 
@RachelFerrucci I will. Our Denver event had to be postponed to next week due to storm 
@AmazingPhil nooooooooo  I can hug you though! that was random sorrrry! ^.^
@BrentSpiner I'd be honored to have you at my Bat Mitzvah...unfortunately I'm 30 so I've missed my chance to achieve true womanhood 
home from the gym. showered and fresh. going to catch up with #lost and #theoffice. what a fun filled friday night home alone. *sigh* 
@JoAnneJoyM http://twitpic.com/3hopj - Ive seen worse...Must agree though...An Ugly big kitty cat 
watching happy feet and missing my girl 
upset. not ceeing Short stack or the bride today 
@xoh_snap June 16th!  So far away. I'm excited! BUT I might go alone, even though I bought two tix. Sadness. 
No good social events tonight 
@macmuso I have family that just moved to Tassie, it looks gorgeous. I am so jealous. Our acreage here is nice, but not green at all... 
@IamJulito DANG... SOUNDS FUN.. BUT SADLY NO  lol
The candy tricked us!!! It pulled us in with it's bright, happy colours then robbed us of all our money 
ii feel all of the past models on the show shud be upset cuz these females are POPPED sorry  but blame Tyra
trying to enjoy my last momento of spring break. 
@SARIAHMUSICNOW Give Adriane my Love, I'm not feeling to well or I'd call your phone and sing Happy B'day 
@wilw Doesn't it just make you cry inside to even think that?  Blame canada 
@SoCalMario u r crazy!! SD is the best city in the world!! I left 3yrs ago &amp; I am dying to go back 
Kinda missing SoCal b/c of all the events I'm missing  But I can't say I don't love being back in the beautiful NW.
: Budding Fibromyalgia Flare + Barn Cleaning + Stomach Issues + Alpaca Shearing = Full Blown Fibro Event, apparently. I can barely move. 
Getting excited with Ginger Garrett's newest book, 'In The Shadow of Lion'. But I don't think I can find it here 
Writing a new song on the fire escape enjoying Captain on the rocks, mmmmm, so delicous, playoff hockey is over for the night 
@Chren1213 bitch!!! im so jealous!! im hungry right now too. ugh. u couldve at least taken a pic of them for me  
Apparently the laundry room burst in flames... but now it's all cleared up. Still smells like smoke though, even on the top floor. 
@Robinae24 yeah its 05:45 here and am still awake and not even in work, it seems the USA comes out to play about now 
@nick_carter Yeah, I agree with YeleysaBsb and ladycarolina, we appreciated (REALLY) but it seemed a bit harsh 
Ahhh, celebrating success this week. Found new suppliers for must-have items.  Old suppliers just quit supplying!  
My former Edu/Phil prof, teacher of Critical Thinking has 2ndary liver cancer: announced her Reiki Master quals. I want to shoot myself. 
@fushujing Yes! I am beginning to like it here man! And the friends I have made are amazing. Seriously. We are all going home soon. 
Just had half of my medical tests done today for going to China. . ... Not a fun experience. 
@melissamoog I am dying to visit! Unfortunately not happening until the economy picks up...for me 
Going to sleep-migraine  but The Rez was great! Have fun all you Rez Twitterers! Drive home safe!
Had a fun night, although I couldn't help but be worried about poor little Logan. 
the girls are finally sleeping... &amp; even though it's early, i hope to be sleeping soon as well! CEC may not happen tomo.. lani is sick. 
@lukepasqualino 2010?? That's a long time from now.  have you guys started filming? I'm way too excited for series 4!
@msz_ara Naah im juss playin .. aha i just cant put one person on there becus thas unfair to everybody else , then ppl gonna hate me 
@fairminder Audi A6, fender gone, insurance claims it was a $3000 damage,  and the Merc I hit even more 
@perezhilton I'm so sad u feel that way!  I hope u meet him afterwards, he's totally awesome and nice
@TramJonas the jb haters need to get a life and stop trash talking about them. 
upset stomach  [$eanyBushk!ll]
@AcidInk haah is it? i havent seen it  really sad, id love to. i mean, it LOOKS amazing 
Officially sick.  Green Tea, Golden Seal, Echinacea and zinc = very good. Nyquill and sleeping in = awesome.
waiting for India to hit the stage...I can't believe I left my camera  oh well having fun with my mom and bro
@lauren42 hope Yall have fun without me tomorrow. Im so jealous and mad i cant go. 
I am teary eyed I want my firefly back. Wish river would have contributed to the documentary but it was amazing. I'm super sad now 
I got a cut in my mouth in the back. I can't even eat.  b
Wanting to see Seventeen Again. 
so freaking glad that its gonna be warm on monday. hell ya. sad that ryan is moving in november 
@kiahk happy birthday love sorry im late  i hope u had a great one love ya xoxo
@Emily_Rizzo omg omg omg omg that just made me so happy! i was supposed to go down for the game tonight..but i didnt  it was awesome tho!
Summer cannot come fast enough! Unfortunately, I don't think I've ever had more obstacles separate me from warm weather and relaxation! 
@showbiz_cousin is this unemployment related? 
@Anna_bar lucky!!! I went to a funeral  than staired at the wall all day my phns my only entertainment
Wow......I miss Strokes.....so much right now.....but why? I miss those funny stories he'd tell me bout his trips. 
goodnight all...workin late tomorrow then movin the next four days!! so blessed to have amazing people in my life...missin my sweets 
I don't understand why some of the best people in the world are thrown to the ground by evil... I wish life was fair to all who are good 
@Out_of_the_Box PS sorry I didn't make it tonight, was just exhausted and depressed and didn't want to do much of anything.  Miss you...
really upset about derek closing his channel. 
I just realize I'm gonna lose my car &amp; have to move out of my place in a week. I am not feeling very happy right now. 
@sstaver No, it is not fun. 
sad&amp;depressed right now 
@ambvymarie Why are you depressed?  
so happy at home. Watching the 3rd X-Men w/Ryan and Champagne. &lt;3 Lexie didn't want to watch the last one. 
Still sick feeling weak  can't enjoy this beautiful spring weather 
Sitting all alone in my empty dorm room. Goring home tomorrow!! So excited, but gonna miss everyone 
Just got home from andreas house but i was having fun but i had to go bye bye! 
@bennehton @Sweet_Pau @tynie626 @NoOrdinaryGurl  OH I AM JEALOUS!  why only tynie and noordinary .. PAU you and me are left behind 
@conns its like that ya noe. wtd..  i hope ur grandpa's ok~ at least he's happy from the china trip.
@ the same shithole @Awesome4life is @ guess my night is in the crapper 
It's only two but I can't ignore the stingy feeling of the blood. The reminder makes me feel even worse 
enjoying the weekend.  gotta get up and clean house soon 
2 sick- couldn't sleep so no class today.  i actually enjoy school so i'm really bummed.
Good morning. On my way to the funeral of a good friend's daughter  
@Dannymcfly you are amazinggggg.... I wish i could come see you guys live 
nearly the end of the family visiting  zoo was brilliant and loving the sun sun sun! having a cheeky drinkies x
It's possible I'll have a haircut tonight... We'll see. Not feeling awesome. 
would like the world to stop talking about IPL already. I'm depressed. Thanks to DVD mixup, no Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. 
@CityMommySLC I'm good...funky rainy day here 
@StephanieOlsen @stateiamin @wishcake @racheliza I'm with Steph.  It's taking all I have to not be insanely, ridiculously jealous.
I feel so swollen  waiting for the movers to show up and still clearing things up. My dad woke up upset at our progress. We slept 5 hours
woke up cold  but smiling today is going to be a grand day!
Enjoyed This Is Project last night, mixer later tonight...then studying for finals tomorrow. 
@MichaMushroom @Aj_07 unfortunately just a week  and nooo we couldn't make it to the concert!
Ugh I think I had but a half hour of sleep. I'm so bummed, last night was upsetting 
@go4music Sooo sunny! Typical that the weather gets nice just as my holidays finish 
@mileycyrus i was reading your book today &amp; i read about vanessa, im really sorry  were doing a fundraiser @ my school for cystic fibrosis
@RonTerrell http://twitpic.com/3iqv9 - I wish I was there it looks like fun. 
Why cant people get it in there head that ive changed my name to castiel windsor? even worse they can't even spell it half the time 
Softball in...Eureka................it's raining here maybe not there.............Eureka! It is raining there. No more fun in the Sun! 
Settling down.. enjoying my cup of Rooibos tea....tweeting.....missing Captain C already.. 
Oh crap came back from my walk and computer had hung again with black screen. Restarted and corrupted graphics again even during POST 
@LNTweet We got Rachel Getting Married and Seven Pounds. Wanted Yes Man but it wasn't in the Red Box we went too! 
Funtime over, back to the painting 
is watching Glawster  getting chewed up and spat out by Cardiff.   Glad I'm in the pub and not at Twickenham.
its a sunny day today yay =] but still cold 
hmmm? Psycho Kitty doesn't even like me, don't think a meerkat would last long 
is going to sing 'I miss you' by miley cyrus at my daddys funeral  i miss u and ill love u no matter what, even if your not here &lt;3 xoxo
Had a nice time last night. Wish we would have hung out longer  overall a great day capped off by a great night. Friends, drinks, fun!
@xaleahx, i've been waking up at 6a everyday and it's been amazing! except next week i have to start waking up at 4a 
how come in movies when people need a drink, they take a swig and are instantly satisfied?  never happens for me. 
@gemmak500 It's amazing how many couples you see when your only one  Head up chest out sit up straight.....you are loved xx
@jasonstathamno1 Yep, i wish they would say it too. I hate when people make fake trailers for new films. It gets everyone excited 
on east coast time even though im home. so annoying.  must get back to sleep
@DivinePurposeMV I'm so jealous! No snow in Australia  I really should have been born further north of the equator!
my stomach is upset this morning. I think a treat would help, but I may barf if I stand up. mom says my tummy sounds are loud and gross. 
doesnt know what the fucks going on..   why cant i just have what i want for once.. its so unfair now *sigh*
Good Morning! Looks like a perfectly awesome day in Long Beach for racing!! But..I won't be there!  I'll be hanging @ the hotel....blah!!
funerals are so hard, especially when it's someone so close to you like your dad, i only got to spend 15 years with him. i cant do this 
@amymessere I AM SO JEALOUS OF YOUR BRAWL!  i'm never involved in fights anymore 
Some of the design has come off a little, nothing major but still not happy   Have stopped attempts to stick it back nothing was working.
Sitting by the doors for a volleyball tourney is AMAZING...  especially marking people! and cause im with TORIE!
@mynameisjayr It was amazing but fridays I always cut it short cus I gotta get my drunk ass to work so early  but tonite its on!!!
leaving mexico in a few hours     it was an amazing trip cant wait to come back!!!
is annoyed that people earning USD $400K thinks that they belong to the middle class and request for tax breaks.  http://ping.fm/yydJG
@GraftFinder Hope you enjoy Deliberate Acts of Kindness. Note the weird shelving designation. As a newbie author, I didn't catch it. 
I hate the Fung Wah bus.. worse, my ipod music library mysertiously deleted   Apple Sucks and Fung Wah sucks. Boston till tomorrow... #fb
Yes Cousie Star, may i propose the week after next? My school life will be officially over! Am I am not excited about it. 
@Zuzusu Dont make me jealous of not being home in glasgow 
@zownder I'm doing well! Its beautiful here and im stuck in class  but going out tonight shall be fun! How are you??
Sunny day, and everything goes quiet in twitterland.  Unfortunately some of us still have mountains of work to do. No sun for me 
@Buckhollywood have fun!im studying  and its sunny outside!
@buckhollywood Have fun! I, on the other hand, have a boring day. I have an exam in the afternoon. 
Last night was fun!! but now i have bruises 
@SMMpharmd yeah, i know, i am! duh. @ceedubb6 thats so upsetting 
Is it wrong to take pictures of a firetruck funeral procession?  If so I'm a jerk.  Although I did it before realizing what was going on. 
WOOHOO! 72 degrees here in Sunny Pennsylvania today - should be riding the Harley - not working - but .... had to work 
I played fair. 
Cant believe they actually let. Wish it was somewhere else tho..  but it's a start. Sis isnt gonna be happy. Oh well!
@virtualgenius Yeah, you didn't want to be under that when it fell. Glad the kids were clear of it. 
Grey morning is killing my happy buzz  I wish it were sunny. Going somewhere soon, not sure where though.
had a fun day with highschool buddies.  But came home to find one goldfish had died.    and I don't know what it died of!
History really isnt fun!!  i got bored after like 5 mins lol
Fixing to go to ranch and then a funeral later today 
it's a beautiful day and I'm going to go in to work!    But, I'll enjoy the sun tomorrow, so it's okay.
back home. had fun, but not fully de-stressed 
@strickenlament and @bextasy - I want the Amanda Palmer book too... was going to suggest we go thirds on it but I can't even afford that. 
why are we all inside on this sunny day 
Too tired to even go under the blanket. 
@criminalrecords I'm nervous too, but nervous that being loaded up on cold meds will make me play in slow motion  Sick=no fun
@davidbeyer really?!? I'm not even with you 
i was so excited about going to Ocean City... but now im not going  no polish ice for me... 
@albeitludicrous Pepperoni Passion (y). I swear i took a pic but i don't think it saved  Damn i wanted to share the memorable event.
boom i need entertaining. Sunny day... On crutches + blister on hand = me not going anywhere  x
James lost 1-0 , a draw would have been fair 
Thinks that there are kittens in our shed  we don't even have a kitty!
Something is wrong. I killed my iPod touch in seven hours. 
had fun last night, unfortunately i'm feelin it this morning.    and bubbles is passed out on the couch ahaha
@rossm I find it pathetic, not funny. Just like splogs in blogosphere, we'll have more spammers than good users on Twitter soon. 
Stephen staying home today, since I-70 is closed to the mountains... no skiing  Still a happy day! http://ff.im/2czt4
I desperately need a windfall. Budgets suck. I can't afford fun! 
@SpeedySasquatch   jealous.  trail runs - my favorite!
has to work at the hospital today...and is NOT happy about it  
Just have got a cold  But still so happy cause a new lovely love have took over my heart ?!
Can hardly function... SO SICK!!! This is the worst vacation ever 
I know and i can't even come out 
@TinaS71 Sorry the kids are sick  Try to enjoy your days off.
Rain is soothing... but why is the weather so beautiful on work days and so damp on weekends 
Trying out this new Eucerin lotion for my hands. It's pretty awesome, but costs about $2.50 an ounce.  I've got the recessionitis 
just picked up my puppy's crap  i am so annoyed. he poops then pee!
Seriously, what is up with my connection the last few days... http://www.speedtest.net/result/454913043.png CoD4 is not fun right now 
How do you fix lock jaw? This shit is killin me  can't even open my mouth...HOW AM I GONNA EAT??
gotta go babysit   - oh the joy. really cba. the kids annoy me lol toodles x
@ladyofsalzburg and you're lucky, I've only had sad and frustrated Filo 
@briandonahue Negative. Was planning to go for the morning but couldn't even pull that off  Triple booked today. #phillycodecamp
eventually got a pic so proud only small fish though 
is working at Region 5 Gymnastics meet while everyone else is enjoying the beautiful sunshine!! 
god its a gloomy rainy day 
Stuck at work on an absolutely gorgeous Saturday. This is so unfair 
i'm never guna be able to give up on you, even though i have no chance of getting the old 'us' back..so please don't push me away anymore 
&quot;Sorry, an unexpected condition has occurred which is preventing Google Reader from fulfilling the request.&quot; 
Thinks its just unfair 
is trying to catch a wounded bird outdoor, but he's even too fast for me 
I hate being sick   I want to be out enjoying my weekend but I know I need to sleep this off.
Gurns  are losing now 3-2 (yoooooo) unfortunately Cliftonville just went one up against us... 
Going to the Ren Faire today. I hope I don't melt in the sun and heat 
@PeterSantilli YAY!!! ... as all who choose to NOT do right   ... even the one I voted for this time ... Thank You  and follw UR happy
another awesome day. reffing hockey...missing her   
tried to make MD crabcakes last night from canned (dios mio!!) crabmeat..a sad affair.   maybe they can fed ex crab from balmer?
@hwaugh  I have lots of work to do too, thankfully Tres has wifi by his pool, so I am thinking that is a fabulous option!!!
@RecipeGirl True.  I never ever win the AMAZING giveaways. 
being hungover after being drunk ISN'T fun 
outside enjoying this beautiful day! IM IN A TANK TOP! 2 bad gotta go 2 work @ 3 
Loves the sunny weather but is learning lines  Looking forwards to S's tonight, drinks and brownies!
@juicyostar nothing much, i'm bored today.  I want to go out somewhere but there's nowhere to go. How's sunny L.A.!? =P
@_alka re: &quot;what is going on with my profile!? hacked!&quot; ..yes   add @Twitter_Tips to get twitter related info. very heplful follow
@theellenshow I'm so excited!!! wish I had a pet... 
@panique aww  well I'm new anyway, so I'm not much fun to hang out with on there, since my level is so low LOL
@amazingphoebe i can't see you tomorrow morning, we're going out for birthday breakfast with grandma. i'll talk to you when i get home 
Free E-waste event today in Eastlake at the Walmart. You all should come by until 3. And I see the irony in it being at Walmart 
@mattlopez Im sleepy... I did not get a good nights rest  But thats ok, I will tonight!  Im going to go enjoy the sunshine today!!!!!
Working  and Derby are losing  and its sunny outside ( bummer...
Family cold/allergies. All kind of out of it, and on such a gorgeous day   Hope everyone's enjoying their Saturday!
Am trying to figure out how DD got 40 followers...  upset is not the word
got a ticket yesterday for having expired tags...even though I had *just* updated them. Someone at the MVA is messing with me. 
Sunny days make me happy! Packing up my apartment on a sunny day, unfortunately, does not. 
@happymonkeyshoe Ditto! I was not impressed with last Wednesday's online ordering 'issues'! 
gourgeous sunny saturday @SP and I'm at work 
I'm wearing my Jonas Brothers Shirt today... I feel beautiful! Had an amazing dream last night... too bad it's not real. 
@willandthepeopl I just wanted to say how amazing your Wolverhampton show with the Script was. I can't come to your next show  Gutted
Go to Cortina Club before 6 for spaghetti dinner-- fundraiser for earthquake victims in Italy! People living in tents.  
enjoying this nice weather then work 7pm-1am 
Wishing I was working outside instead of being stuck at inside. Unfortunately, no Internet connection outside. 
So excited for dairy bar, but just found out its closed 
Our home is so clean now. It's awesome. I bet it's messy again my Monday though.  
@CeCeaKaDiMpLeZ don't sound so excited 
was going to sleep in, but woken up by R4WK to kill a spider. I did, and now feel kinda guilty  This morning smells WONDERFUL!
is learning about the seven deadly sins. WOW, I am a sinner. 
Bad night.. sore bottom and arm.. no fun 
just read a bunch of TFKTrevor's tweets...he duznt sound like an awesome Christian.  ignorance mostly. but TFK's still #1 to me.
@superblue unfortunately not at civic camp. 
@tommcfly hoping you love amsterdam! enjoy your sunbathing? lol its cloudy over here in america 
@sherryrachel weather is amazing....I wished wewere working @ some outdoor gig..but we got weddings today 
is not happy to be at work on this gorgeous day 
@MussoMitchel i am so sorry. i don't hate u plz forgive me. p.s. u r probably annoyed by me right now but plz forgive me 
@AprilGates Jamie is on now too!  Upset, every 1 he wants 2 follow is fake 1 
Well done to Wolves for getting promoted I'm very upset that Charlton are now confirmed to be playing Division 1 next season 
@danasdirt When we lived in Hawaii we always had orchids in the house..unfortunately, I killed them all 
Sexy Saturday...but unfortunately i cant enjoy it Im stuck here studyyin.... 
is going 2 finish painting. nd goin 2 clean. ohh wat fun 
@Faz4980 yeah, but i can be glad to have work. here and there i'm looking for job offers, but there are no good ones 
Last night's Commomwealth Club Annual Gala was incredible. Gloria Duffy rocks, social entrepreneurs rock, again with the $ paddle though 
Trying to convince former Bonny RPers to set aside their skepticism about last night's awesomeness and give this another go. Failing. 
twitter no fun!  
Home sweet home. I'm so glad I came back to warm, sunny weather. I miss my boy though 
I am very excited to see RK and Owl City, but I am still wanting to go to Anberlin's show...If only I had someone to go with me 
@AdamClaxon what an amazing challenge that's going to be! Alas... i cant paint pictures of pictures.... 
@micalynmiller09 I'm sorry micalyn   . try to feel better and enjoy the day!
@womanonyourside so jealous about the BF show - couldn't make it this time   Are you going to Milonga de Laura tonight?
did not enjoy his movie. 2 thumbs down 
I'm watching tv!!! That must sound like a lot of fun Boohoo its raining 
@rudedoodle I'm sick the next day without fail, no matter how much or what I drink. If I got to bed, even feeling tipsy i'll puke 
@zawfi oh gosh no. i dont even have a dog  im getting ready to go get some fresh air in newport beach ;-)
At Joy 102.5 today.  It's too nice to be working inside 
Just busted out of the International Club satellite to the Big Event.  Took 5th place.....top 4 paid  
getting dressed to go to the funeral  RIP Traci
My afternoon plans got cancelled  I must find something to do that will allow me to soak up this awesome sunlight.
@misterlamb and i wasn't happy then either. i just don't like him.  stop teasing me...i'm still in mourning over my Stars!    heehee
wishing I was enjoying this awesome day in Chi-town 
@Vanessa_Blue i am until upset for the videochat yesterday.  
Heading back 2 London after a great day at #webdd (even got some new swag ) Should have stayed 4 beers but too much to do b4 Monday 
Happy that I stay in last night. Sad that I miss Ally game this morning. 
the picture wont upload  it says it is to big, even though I croped and croped it...help!!
Damn it feels empty now....  but I am so happy that you guys are around!   @mroda
@amazingphoebe i love you  maybe it's a good thing if i don't care as much. and tell me, please, how many chances have you already had?
@Danacea me jealous now 
@SookieBonTemps *txt* I'm alright. I'm so sore.  It hurts to do anything, even breathe.
@Mom3CuteBoys He is not excited, but having a lot of anxiety today.  I don't know how to help him when he is like this   #autism #asd
It's getting yukkie and chilly outside  Well outside enjoying what's left of the sun while I can
waitt she's following him too!!!  no fun!
I want to go out this is so unfair 
Studying, cleaning and grocery shopping, all whilst hungover... what a fun day 
@ciararyandreams awesome i want one (: where do you get them from? i can never find any  x
@DonnieWahlberg   I'm sick   So I'm chilling, but not happy.
on the way to uncle funeral 
@absentelk http://twitpic.com/31kwi - Awww, Me and Kay saw some cows at the farm.  They looked depressed.  Badtimes.    Kay name ...
morning twities! beautiful day so can head for la right now. just heard of an event. so mad! missed out on quality time 
this weekend will consist of my trying to write my research paper... oooo so much fun 
I wonder who is awake at this time in Cali? Jealous, maybe. Determined to finish my project, certainly. The end justifies the means 
@ashleymeltjonas yes spongebob! Like how unfair to me 
Some people make me so angry 
ugh i hate funerals 
@mcjonasprincess you're right! it's hard.. can't wait the brazil shows *-* i'm so happy! but now they are in amsterdam..far far away! 
@Lady_Anna never experienced a scrotal infusion but sounds awesome. Not sure about Magic Wand afterwards that would be excruiating 
My desk is completely covered in paperwork... None of it being related to Programming and all of it being related to taxes saddens me. 
Enjoying the research discussions at #isoj but have to cut out early to make my flight.  Great catching up with folks. Until next time...
@tonyhawk You like disco and not awesome 60's metal/Skatepunk? 
I'm annoyed because my sister didn't pay her half of the phone bill... so my phone doesn't work now 
@rachelkvincent Oh No! I would so not know how to function without it. I would send you a cup from California, but it would get cold 
@pjrea Haha! Hope you're enjoying the Easter Break, doesn't last for much longer. 
Redoing journal CSS. Journal CSS and contents are outdated. 
@jhelgason My own husband isn't even following me; that is sad 
@kathleenpopa I had a wonderful cat for 20 years. She is in kitty heaven now. But we have next door little girl with allergies 
going out  not gonna be fun xx
@fortunate13 - I hope you guys have fun tonight, we're bummed that we can't be there 
Still enjoying the almost nice day out.  Now it's down to +13, and calling for rain...  
@purelaura I also hate the word 'older' in that context  Lush should be reserved for describing vegitation only
WOW! My poor dog is covered in fleas, &amp; I even found a tick on her  Why did my mom have to take her to my grampa's infested house?!!
@missdietz i dont know how i got that many followers but i think ive peaked   i wish i didnt have to work tonight, drinks outside=amazing!
Sometimes I hate having to choose even when its an easy choice. 
@TodaysMoms Sorry I missed the show yesterday  Sounded so much fun!
Just watched Seven Pounds...How sad is that film 
Taking Roxy to vet. She has a wound around her mouth so we had to put the cone on..she is not a happy camper   http://twitpic.com/3j37b
@InMyProOpinion Yep, but they ere behind plexiglass.   what fun was that??  And u would love sally hansen deep plum. Gorg almost blk color
@CRSarah_BE Awesome view! I miss Chi-town.  Say hello for me!
Poor Myk got teh sick.  he's gonna be miserable on our vacation.
@stonermc I don't even know where he's playing. But probably not, I'm in Cornwall. 
listening to the FA Cup semi final between Arsenal and Chelsea as I don't have sky  neutral fan but siding towards the gooners
getting ready to take Preston to soccer...it's a very gloomy day 
nothing to do  ...i wish today would be sunny!
@LaBellaLuLu the sunny day went away....  make it come back.
V. has left to go meet up with some friends. So very bored. Gem won't even entertain me 
@maori_chicksta1 they stole your stuff at work? :O that's even worse..i'm so sorry  *hugs* did you have insurance? x
@xueyin I'M NOT A FAG YOU DOUCHE!!!!!!!!!!! on another news, awesome! let's go on the 25th!!! i just hope it doesn't get cancelled? 
@youngtruthisme have fun without me 
Being stuck inside on a lovely warm sunny day like today is so annoying  Oh well its summer on tuesday at 12pm!! And not a moment too soon
@luigithescooter No go on the battery at the moment, Speedy is not happy having to stay in the garage this weekend 
Had 2 birthday partys on the farm today. Both had loads of fun! Easter bunny last day tomorrow!! 
@michaelgreenlee Glad to hear that! Sorry I didn't come 
At Ambers, gonna go straighten this mess, I'm trying to call hair. OH THE FUN I'M SURE TO HAVE  HAHA
I am loving spending time with my bestie nic! So sad gotta go home tonight  tears. Will be back again tomorrow for more fun!
Soooo tired after last nites madness. Trying to find the motivation from SOMEWHERE to do some Teeline Shorthand practice! Not fun! 
do i even bother watching RH? its so shit now 
Wife has promised an evening of rock band. But since she only got 4hrs sleep last night I'm not holding out much hope 
This woman is an utter disgrace http://bit.ly/xBbmu - should be charged with aggravated wasting of police time, Clifford given a caution 
@nyfritz The concert was pretty awesome. Their banter and interaction with the crowd was even better than the music. Sad about One-Acts. 
sick all day yesterday with the flume  so upsetting. watching pretty in pink right now to recover. this movie hurts me.
@amazingphoebe i don't know what to do, because anything i say now, will sound rich. so the only thing i can do is go 
@praycat im not bad i just had to start over ok  i wish i didnt have to but i couldnt live in funkytow!!!
@steveagee going to miss #TheAgee5K  - hopefully someone archives it-least I caught the test last night, which was fun.
@thayala  oh well, timer was funny, when the next In the World?
Has been looking at roman stuff, unfortunately there were no romans to bring home 
@SineadGrainger lanna no happy  lanna got huge feet but wants the purple shoesssss
@wolkenmalerin someone showed it to me ;D i think its awesome. so sad   but it's a great documentation. everyone should watch it. &lt;33
@afrotastic well now I'm jealous. I want an orgasmic breakfast. 
@JAZJess Unfortunately, no. You can ask Dee, but I'm chilling with the twins Michael and Erica tonight for concert money  I apologize.
@Tifferz1517 My mom is making me go because my Brother wants to see his grandma. I dont even like her than much 
Locked inside Davis when it's 88 degrees and sunny out. 
Wish I was out enjoying the weather ugh. Hopefully I can go out a little later. Meanwhile my allergies r in FULL affect &amp; doin my thesis 
Ugggghhhh que maldito hangova...but I had a blast last night...good times good times!!! All good things must come to an end eventually 
@courtney_37 Wow I was really excited about that music video then it was pretty lame 
studying econs at 1 in the morning. boo  this song's awesome! http://tinyurl.com/crjhb3 monay monay by poetic ammo
@jldeutsch Whenever. You are always welcome.  Althought their is no guest room which is unfortunate. 
@amazingphoebe i have to be up in three hours time, so i'm going to try and get some sleep. i'll talk to you later, i guess  night xxxx
has run out of cigarettes  what to do. stay + study or go for coffee, cigggie + a wee walk? time for fun yet? hmmm its only 6pm,study wins
Have to wait two weeks for my cord  thankfully I had a great experience with Apple support. Thanks, ladies!
Am seeing so many raccoon roadkills on the way to raccoon state park, it's not funny 
Kinda glad this crappy and weird week will be over soon....gotta deal w/ all the  NCNSs @ work first tho 
Shutting the gallery down for the day -- body is doing things it shouldn't be. Not sure I can even walk the 2 blocks home. 
@pennyxlane the guys were lame lol.. just wasnt fun 
Getting ready. Missed the sunshine  Not happy
In two days the fun shall cease. 
Tryna dnwload the beatksking app for my 3g... But there is no WiFi right now! Sonofva! &amp; I have a sick beat in my head! No Fair! 
@JanetMorris that sounds horrible. it's nice and sunny down here in florida 
So my yard is pretty much flooded right now  and the street in front of my house, man i glad i drive an excursion right now!
@amazingphoebe i do want to care! you just make it so extremely difficult sometimes  i do want to love you  yes? :/ night  xxxxx
Hubby's out enjoying the links! Wish I could play  
This always happens to me  its not fair to get ur hopes shot down on a daily baises ...
fun-time is over  working-hours begins     
uugghhhh.....I hate gloomy weather 
@Has_Bookpushers I'm so freaking depressed. I knew what would happen, but still. 
at work fixing some code that just had to broke on the saturday evening... man... who the fuck invented comuters in the first place??? 
Nebraska seems awesome. Tailgaiting can happen anywhere apparently. Wish I could make the connection in Chicago. 
happy its sunny but a bit down 
@gx_saurav blu is nice, but kinda unstable.. tbh, the best twitter clients (twhirl, tweetdeck, etc.) are adobe air based 
is sad that he can't go hiking today, but even sadder that he stranded the scout troop out on muddy roads.  
Headache and yardwork = miserable hell 
Well then! why do I even try... 
First store on record store day was ok...got the smiths 7&quot; and slayer 7&quot;. They didn't even get the gaslight 10&quot; in 
in case you were wondering, being uninsured SUCKS. I'm not even allowed in the glorious sunshine for the day 
@culture_thief: fantastic 
Oh wonderful. I finally get Fractor to start up properly (Google Desktop = no, apparently) and now the mouse wheel is dirty. 
@richardgumbley Unfortunately not many lollipop ladies on the 400miles of motorway I drove =p @wyatthaplo I went alone 
Going to the circus.....kinda bummed cuz I'm missing a casino trip for this  But hopefully it'll be fun
@RadioRose I don't like when you guys are doing fun things and i can't come 
sickk&amp;grounded. Awesome weekend. 
@breagrant I've never even been to a drive in movie.  I wish we had that. Sounds like fun. Glad you enjoyed it.
@brookearchiefan I miss you my crazy sister!!  I hope your having fun in Iowa!!
Heading to the airport, boo   goodbye, sunny Florida! Goodbye Kostyas and Hiltz's! Goodbye alligators!  We will miss thee.
Without even realizing it,you taught me a lot of things, but I think you know exactly what your doing to me...-exam @ 7 ugghh 
@Joddles haha no doubt I need to re-up my sub and reinstall it, I miss it so much  my crew was pimp and it was fun, wow is elitist now :'(
@kpereira Phillips WTF? lets make the HD conversion and standards even more complex for the laymen.... blah 21:9 - I love super wide thou 
Super sad I'm not enjoying the Chicago weather with all of you! Waiting for the cable guy, THEN to the office  
@Jenty Enjoy, I'm sad to be missing it, but we couldn't find a sitter 
went on a bike ride. nothing extraordinarily exciting happened during that.... unfortunately. 
excited and sad for my last cheer comp. of the season! 
Looking through a speedpaint thread in an art forum. Everything is digital. I'm depressed. 
@knsenn Happy Birthday Katie!!  Sorry about your car probs.   Have a great time at the show tonight!!
Damn man I really wanted a damn funnel cake 
Awesome HD 1000fps slomo vid: http://www.vimeo.com/4167288 The camera looks expensive   http://tinyurl.com/cxhmm4
Sofa, a film and a pizza.. That's what I want fir this evenings entertainment, alas.. 
@thtswhtshsaid unfortunatly no, my dad drove here and isn't too happy with my hangover/vomit situation he had to deal with earlier sorry 
@tommcfly you know you love brazil more than anyone country  *I'm jealous* Love you
Hello, twitterland! It's so nice out, but I'm inside doing work   The good thing is: I'm making progress..even processed a few orders..
@DonnaMirfield WHHHAAAT!!! I am tres jealous of that... mine doesn't go in until the 24th  I found chocolate so much better thanks! x
@estrellabonita I've never even been down to the Gaslamp.  I need to get out more.  
is enjoying Saturday w/Adam... he leaves for Germany for a week on Tues. 
@portiswasp  I don't think I have ever been as jealous of anyone
@Cynsational But unfortunately I'm going to the beach that day 
It's summer outside and I can't enjoy it because the devil is ravaging my insides 
@Kirsty_H_99 Tissues are mandatory, I'm told. Unfortunately book doesn't come with them. Sorry 
relay 4 life was soooooo fun, i am so sunburnt 
@quoll Didn't make it to Dunlay's today. Now it looks like I may not even make it to Elbo. WAAAHHHHH 
@michxxblc ~ They are all so funny! I miss them 
Spent evening looking after suki doggy shitting herself everywhere, falling off the decking into ditch and whining &amp; running into things 
@mileycyrus Have fun away from america  haha
I am doing classics homework while listening to les miz. I just listened to Susan Boyle, who is amazing!!!!! I have to get up at 6 tomoz 
@sophiaannabush well im just upset about this houston weather. its been ruining all my plans 
@knikkolette That stinks.  I'm glad it's ok now.  You're the only one I know that got it!  
just made an adjustable camera hand strap from my old camelbak strap! FTW! I lack smart sewing skillz tho  #fb  http://twitpic.com/3job1
ooooh tonight not goin as well as planned   gonna hav a bath &amp; try chillax. Hope everyone else is enjoyin their Sat nights!!
really wants to be outside enjoying this weather..i'm stuck at work instead 
Man, this mini fridge is awesome! Its damn upsetting to know that it won't be in my bedroom. Please Dad, please let me have it. 
@camievog damn . .neither sound like fun to me 
3 1/2 more hours. jersey is already on. as a negative, drove to sidney to see a too small bike 
Enjoying my last Mexican lunch  heading back to London tonight
upset that some of my favorite bands aren't playing Warped this year. 
Bloody fireworks sound like bombs going off!! Pen is not a happy little doggie 
One of my little neon fishies died     and was given a lovely funeral in a houseplant.
@mileycyrus.. Safe Jpurney Cos Imm One Off Uur Fans Lol Thaa Mii &amp;&amp; Uue Never Reply To Anythiiin I Send Uue! Not Fair  lol 
Definitely not enjoying all this rain. Especially since my house got flooded. 
@jimkerr09 And B'fast  always adores SM,really glad its included on the tour. Every1 likes playing here. 10yrs ago nobody played here 
i just came back from vortex springs in florida funn!!! im sunburnt tho 
@Biansta Aww, you've ruined my evening 
@BrodieMiron  even the AC30? I could have taken that off your hands!
Good turn out. Evening plans might have gone south 
@ErinEven Oh I understand, it's happened to me and I never forgot it. I can tell you stories about OOBE's. Haven't had one for a while. 
@nwoolhouseuk I have no dvd  seen it before though, brilliant film. Enjoy!
Ian has joined me for an evening of DVD watching. Trouble is, he is so fussy, that we have dimissed 25 films so far.Grrrrr 
I'm glad I'm watching the Bats win and not the Yankees lose 
Just saw Dragonball: Evolution. As a major fan of DB/DBZ, that was a major disappointment.  GF unfamiliar with DB, found it enjoyable
@glennbookingbug oh no! That's not fun  Sent you a message through your website today. Thinking of embedding in a site for gig bookings
@ddlovato WHYY??!! IS NOT MY FAULT!, MY PARENTS ARE BUSY FOR 1TH TIME!  I FEEL UPSET... (( (u)
Its soooo F'in beautiful outside! Clear skies, sunny and hot ass hell! Too bad I dont have a life here!!!  lol
@vuhhnessa I have a thing for blue eyes. Uh. I wish guys around where I lived looked like that. It is not fairr. 
@Broyhill_Inn Family today, Business Event tomorrow!  When we get back, it's going to snow!  
Ugh.. Im tired but i don't wanna go to bed  btw, 17 Again was AWESOME!  Uh.. im so bored.  Well well, i always find something to do.. XD
@hansonmusic I wish the fan event in Tulsa was NOT during my college graduation  miss you guys!
@drewryanscott lol the 1st one is hilarious..yeah but anyway, enjoy yourself..I'm jealous of all those ppl who are gonna see you guys  lol
emailing OceanUP about today's event, even though I didnt go! 
@m_alice_hale nope its amazing! i ruined my ipod touch 
@ddlovato do u even get to know me messages? 
@joannademakis Hey there!!!  what a game!  but i was glad to be there.
Bitter sweet milestone: My son's 9th birthday today!...And the first time I didn't get to invite my friends. 
Everyone is enjoying the nice day outside  I hope my day gets better
@natasha_samba damn! ur having sooooooo much fun it seems.......hmph! my schedule....WORK  hopefully.
Its not funn to shop witout money!!! 
giving up on work for this evening. urrrghh.. only a month till exams 
Jack is glad that his leg is getting better but sad that Paul has gone back to Newcastle  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/vie ...
What a day! Recording from 10 till 5 and some design this evening! Back to the studio at 9 tomoro!! I need a lie in 
Finally a warm &amp; sunny day! Apartment hunting  Reading New Moon, No clue what to do for fun tonight as usual
is in the airport in Philly annoyed...my flight is delayed 
@ladyofbrileith Having trouble finding one. Sark never even got A HUG or anything sappy. He said Lauren loved him, but we never heard it 
5am bedtime last night?! i am sleeeepy!  gloomy day in CO today. boyfriend left for nepal 
@tranquilized09 i didn't even get an answer if he will be in germany........  hahaha.
I'm going to bed feeling a bit depressed. Not really looking forward to tomorrow 
75 F and beautfiful here in SM....unfortunately stuck inside behind my rig cranking up salesforce 
good god I ache! I might need a gallon of codliver oil 2morrow to walk!Comp was fun, good fights but we didn't win   I fancy it nxt time!
@ayotavibaby ; yes, we will! man.. i be trying too! she was here &amp; ppl were like WHY are u so excited?? lol, i didnt get to see her tho 
this music make me soo happy and soo sad,because it's over today  ...#ASOT400
I saw conor oberst at the glass house on wednesday!! He is amazing!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 I wish I was at coachella this weekend 
Seriously having to force myself from doing the music today. Term papers are unfortunately more important today and that's not fun 
@Jaylnne i'm so glad you got to come visit! Sorry I didn't get to say goodbye!!! 
@unicorngeorgia I can't come tonight, Geo. I'll be stuck inside all evening commenting on papers. 
Attempting to watch this game.. It's depressing....  And they would be playing &quot;If ya happy and u know it&quot;
@jhodgin I wish I could be at GMA this year, it's a fun time. But I couldn't get off work  Have fun!
@AwesomeArianna you know TFA has seemed to totally disappear! 
Another Saturday night and another night shift. I must of upset someone at the office to keep getting these 
@J44SS Haa yeah work was good, i sold lots and lots and we got work to do tomor  fun fun xx wheres my tgis?? xx
@selenaxjonas Awee, not fair  Im sorry.
listening to britney and cleaning the house! I have a TON of shoes to get rid of, haven't even worn half of them 
it's 11:18AM in hawaii &amp; i just woke up! i love saturdays...even though i have to work in 2 hours  at least i get monday off!
Curry even too spicy for Mr. C, so not a hope for me to fully enjoy. Big shame as this is usually my favourite one  *sad*
ok this isn't funny how come I get one answer in the quiz then my comp starts playing up does it think it's funny?????? cause it's not 
Now I'm watching Ashton Kutchers movie with Bernie Mac. So funny. RIP Bernie 
@Izadi happy birthday!!! Why is it so bad? 
is depressed cuz corr cant com 2 the mall with her. 
today I was told that I was desperate for love... sad thing is that I may have to agree 
feels bad watching the arsenal chelsea highlights with her dad not knowing whats coming  hes so excited..
@damnhelltall: I'm so jealous you are in Disneyland 
i forgot to tweet about the most important thing ever.. I am voiceless at the moment  No voice, not even the ability to say &quot;beep&quot; not fun
@birdchick I am glad you are safe, but now I worry for the prairie chicks 
Why is my dad being a pain in neck today? Can someone please take me to a happy place? 
I'm talking to my friends on Msn. We are al together in one conversation. It's really funny. But some of them have to go in a few minutes 
@tommcfly why didn't you twitter during the gig, tom? im upset  ;)
just getting back...it was fun. However, I'm exhausted. That means...no post tonite 
I'm so heart borken!  I found two amazing shirts but can only buy one! Shopping is a dangerous obsession!
@LauraConnorr Monday unfortunately  You? Oooh, I love Mario Kart, haha.
for now, i just want to spend some sweet quality time with danny. even if it is through internet/phone only. 
@Rajid my iphone was 6.02! not even 5.09, much less the required 5.08. so i sit and wait more 
I should send Apple an angry email along the lines of &quot;Hey d-bags, 'we fixed your computer' generally means you actually did something.&quot;. 
had a grilled steak but now my tummy is upset 
@justinlevy Working  but lots of happy guests 'cause the weather is good - then catching the end of the Bruins game - you?
@whatbenwhat aww  did you guys win any events?
I get to wear a skirt again tonight! yay! my wonderful pants are dirty 
@monkeyclap lol i do, but its like even when i sleep loads, i stil get them! its weird and annoyin 
glad we fit the game in, but fighting a headache now 
is tired and has an upset stomach 
my house! Yey! My bed! Yey! My laundry! not so happy about that 
Whew!! A hot day at the Ren Faire  glad to be back home!!
 alex gaskarth is so amazing and to shop with him would be great. but nooo we have to go to the movies to go see stupid hannie montannie!
It's Race Day Down Under! Unfortunately, I have to go to work   No live race watching &amp; twittering for me.
@OfficialDylan aww you dont have a youtube account? now youtube is gonna be less fun wiothout you 2! 
@mneylon My fault unfortunately  two days late FFS
@lovinRiRi enjoy it hun! i'm SO jealous at the moment 
Rudely awakened by my bootlegged LL!  Linden not happy 
@neilhughes1 Obviously it's something that turns the joys of spring into  in seven hours.
Just got back from the Celtics playoff game.  Worked the gate giving away free Championship towels to all.  Such fun!  Celtics lost 
WooHoo hubby is home, time to get something to eat then BBall games the rest of the evening! 
is annoyed to learn that someone else is on Twitter with my name  no worries they aren't a fake me,  its just they have my name!
@Princess_Han you didnt even tell me you were back the other day when i was missing you! how can you not love me 
its amazing but i feel awful! 
Another blow out on the turnpike. More tire fun. 
writing an essay due in 24 hours....  any help at all would be extremely grateful and appreciated.
is on her way back from the conference - it was amazing! Sorry to everyone who couldn't come 
not feeling all that wonderful today. damn migraine... 
Hates it when the itv player malfunctions 
@wayneford white sofas are definitely amazing! couldn't have them with a kid on the way though 
@framolamdu i thought it was the clone when i saw it so wasn't too upset but then found out he has definitely left the series 
@trustnolie worst part is that I couldn't even go back to sleep. I ended up just watching TV, but I'm still very tired 
disappointed at the Chanel store @ Dubai Mall, I expected so much and found too little  not happy at all
sitting her relaxing and enjoying hearing the rain hit the window..flooding outside, so i can't go to shop 
@ilan_peer unfortunately i'm not in tel-aviv right now 
going to play Literati even though I should probably be tackling even more revision 
still feeling bad  no fun. but going to eat with the dad and stepmom.
@The_DFC law school in general doesn't sound like too much fun... lots of studying on saturdays...and every other day of the week!  
I miss pretty ricky too  I love them, they didn't even come here.
In long beach our flight doesn't take off until 4:50  but I'm almost home, Mexico was AMAZING  But damn I'm bored I'm the airport
love u dane cook, u funny fuck!    party time for my lil sister well not so little anymore now 14!  how sad they grow up so fast
has one of those unhappy pains! i hate this pain! 
so like eventully we saw his boat so we startd shoutin n what not but it  they had already been disqualified so we looked like  gobshites 
My 1999 Expedition might finally have met its demise. Done in by another newer, probably jealous, SUV.  http://plurk.com/p/owao1
why can't even women close doors without slamming them? jeeeezzz 
@E_rocKsteadY  WhY?
worked  a 12er going back in for some more, just glad to be getting the work, it only lasts a few more weeks 
has been watching the film The Visitor and is feeling depressed. 
@MarielMendoza ive been good! i dont even see you on campus!  how have you been? miss you!
Smoked duck po boy jacqueimos jackson sq amazing! And $5..out of boudin tho  #fqfest
@zarrr got canceled  so upset! what are you doing today
@parkerdigital wow... i miss the philly ballpark a little. but i really miss center city philly fun 
@joeyjp we were talking about that today. Alas we probably need some awesome event to attract us all before it will happen 
daddy cuddle abandoned in favour of mummy cuddle. No significant improvement in amount of upset yet 
@writetoremember I looooove you toooo! I will, and I hope you have fun with everyone  haha.
@reoracer I was crawling out of bed about the same time but I don't even work nights! I feel so lazy, I guess I have a good excuse though 
@stutterdude I never even noticed the ABBA shirt. I'm a lousy fan. 
Time for work. Have fun sleeping 
More rain.   Its not fun to be stuck inside with two kids with unending energy.
@jameswedmore Delays &amp; circling Houston for 1 1/2 hrs and I didn't make it  Met some others here at the Marriott who missed too. Have fun!
@Tedakin at Comic Con last year someone thought I was Corey Feldman.   I wasn't even wearing my Michael Jackson jacket!
@ToureX can't remember bc it never happened... and never will! white media support white ppl. us, not so much.  unfortunate truth.
Tonight was the best night for ages. The Bucket List is sad  but everything else was truly wonderful. I love you so much.
i can't even get the audio streaming  #asot400
@elevenution yeah me too, i was supposed to clean my room and never did that 
@HappyChickens Now I feel bad..I was out of line.really..should have checked out your blog before going off.. 
@MooseGurl I'm jealous. I keep having to dip into my savings 
awesomee nite yesterday tho todays not gonna be the same.....home alone 
@keltiecolleen good luck! you'll do amazing! i wish i was 18 so i could see you 
@chrisbramm chriss im havin a hard time doin the geog  well put it this way, ive not even tried them table things i got so confused!
Getting ready for an afternoon of events, then Guys movie night!  Might be fun. Just a tad jealous that Mary's going to the game... 
Lost our first baseball game today.  Not so happy 
is goin to bed nooow. night everyoneee. &lt;3 last day of freedom tomorrow  sooo depressed about that.
This week has been awesome! I don't want to go back to school 
@samantharonson don't listen to the haters  they're cruel  i hope you don't take them to serious 
@gunnerboy248 I chased a teenager who was SCARED of me! It was fun! Mom made me come in the house.  Now I have to wear a leash outside 
why i can't even stream the audio?  want to cry now #asot400
i dont want to go to work at have  20 year olds be mean to me for seven hours 
im much more of a reader than writer...  like an even less manly version of the saying &quot;im a lover, not a fighter!&quot;
Enjoying dinner with Jeff's parents. But I already ate. 
@KathrynBenton man that sounds good.. I can't eat anything but soup &amp; spaghettios, so everything sounds incredible. 
@MattEven I know, I know... 
@JLSOfficial am well gutted!! i need2 meet you soon im literally dying, cant face food. ma mums goin nuts at me  reaally upset!
just found out the second earphone slot doesnt work on my laptop  they could of been soo happy together
@rossgoldberg @FasterWebmaster @russiandiva @FeliciaSlattery @markshilensky @JasonDeVelvis @ShannonHerod Don't hav 2 much fun w/o me!  
A little depressed after finding out how much taxes i owe 
Oh my eye, my knee is well and truely knackered. I can't even sleep it's that sore  Need Deep Freeze!!!!!! It was worth it though!
@StefLeppard 2 months to heal? No fun  But a whole lot better than not ever healing! Feel better soon!
@allanxpress i don't have internet! Don't even know when i will so i don't know what to tell you 
Need another hit of NKOTB..I'm starting to get depressed 
@michaelfidler  beach!!  Which one. I am so jealous.  The ocean beach is always super windy 
jealous of all the IA festivities i'm missing out on this wk- Drake Relays and VEISHEA!   
@THE_REAL_SHAQ im very upset, coz my brother just got kicked out of work n i really dont know what to say to him... 
whit a lot of negative energy in my mind fear for the worst 
@lukalvsemwet ew you're working? that's no fun  ill be back posting tomorrow! *hug*
Fun day but back home, bored now 
i dont think my mission will be completed tonight for nick to wish me happy bday 
@zanado69 bought some oakleys funny enough. but no blue tooth 
Today is so pretty and I don't even feel like leaving out of the house...Am I in a funk? Me no likey 
@robbr825 ish snowing in mid April. Even MN isn't that bad 
Been Watching my 3 wonderful kids, since i got laid off, i hope they call me back 
is sick  but thats not going to stop me from having fun tonight!!!!
KOQ...sad. Doug making fun of Karrie's short hair 
@dontwalkawayy Aghh! No fair for you. But she will use the backdoor to LAX Anyway and security will protect her more than the passengers 
I'm sad after discovering my awesome headphones only reach as far as the toilet door, not close enough for me to do a distance wee 
Had fun riding horses. Kinda lonely now though 
Going to start laundry. Hoping the getting up and moving will calm Aurora down. Mike's computer won't boot up - something with the power. 
@sinnersxjockers ...related to a Spanish-speaking country 
hanging out, just got back from the race track, lost about $100     oh well, had fun anyway.
Is really upset that she doesn't have any time off with will 
kat is making fun of me 
leaving 30 minutes later than anticipated, because I couldn't find my collar  Taking the crop though, this'll be a fun bus ride.
@suejester I'm sorry that the day was not a sucess  Things will get better. Did you read the out.com interview? Amazing!
@stpattysgirl82 I miss Indiana Tiff  even though that Pulaski County in Virginia
work still sucks not even halfway done and im starving 
alarm at the Marriott Marquis has been going on for 2 hours...jumped out of my bath, went down 45 floors - apparently malfunctioning 
i missed Gareth emery the other day..and even today his set was not streamed   #asot400
Heh. Im glad my mood went to shit. I need my cassandra 
@MickyCook yeah that would be fun. Same time as the movie release too... I missed Prophecy in 07. It was in Toronto 
Having a nice night after gig until it gets ruined by Pervy blokes  humph!   can't dance and have fun with Pervy drunken blokes 
@WillBates yeah lol  we go thru this every day unfortunately ....
@ddubsbostongirl @greekpeace Carys is ok, congrsted but happy still YAY! and I am ok, just trying 2 wake up sans Coffee 
Nothing scheduled for the rest of the day. Feel free 2 add 2 my agenda! It's been a rather uneventful day 
Enjoying my last day of holidays... even though I have a cold 
omgg I forgot to tweeet last night. that woulda been funny 
I think I forgot how to shoot with natural light. It's been so long since I've even shot outside 
Is not a happy camper.  
Funny tasting A+B juice is not nice, especially when no one believes you. 
@dragonsinger57 Hell yes. There are so many other critical stories to cover. But NZ media always goes for the celebs first. 
ANYWAY! AS U ALREADY KNOW, I'M KINDA ANNOYED  BUT I DON'T TRUST THE DIRECT MESSAGE SO IF U HAVE MY AIM, HOLLA @ ME ON THERE
ugh studying math gives me a headache.  and now i'm too tired/lazy to do anything else. even tho i really really should.
i feel very fat  too many mugs of tea and cream cakes this evening LOL
is not in a happy place  ...
Destiny's Child were an amazing band  'Cause you a bug a boo, a bug a boo .
@CA_Young unfortunately no  but gotta love the cowbell anyway ;P
missing my awesomely sexxxy marine.... can't believe he'll be gone in a month.. 
Hmm...first time here. Don't really know how to start. What am I doing...good question. I'm trying to clean my room...how fun 
Okay so how come my post build events worked last week and this week....nothing. 
@arseblog couldnt agree more, so upset  gibbs and theo the only real positives and even then thats looking hard for that silver lining
insomniac dot is insisting i go to bed. how dare she??? I'm just starting to have fun on my dinosaur! 
@PaulDale67 that's not fair 
Grilling out....good food! At 6 it was 71, at 615, it's now 60  I was enjoying the warm wheather while it lasted...
I got all excited coz @britneyspears is following me, then I realized she follows a lot of people. I want tickets for her concert though 
@GetGary  that is sooooo far from the truth and you know it.  @AldrichJC of course not, i'm just jealous i wasn't included 
Devin is feeling down and depressed today. don't like the feeling one bit 
@Iconic88 i try daily to only think and see what's good.  it's amazing how much better life becomes, but it is hard to do it all the time 
@MrW0nderful Now there's even more reason for me to come over!! Now I want coffee, but I can t 
i don't know if i can lay here all night and not go out for some fun.  I really need to just stay in and detox but god that sounds boring 
@Suai have to! G1=horrible!  whats good tho homie!? thanks for comin out the other night! you definitely have to perform @ the next event!
@Heywa01 Hi, I am unable to send you any pms unless you message me first  so I coudnt even say gmorning today im sorry
@Tyrese4ReaL  mine's aint either and i'm still young. but i'm hanging in there. i mean he won't even talk 2 me 
@JoyEasterling lovely site  yours - how did you make your tamplete ^( I can't get this thing 
@amandabynes tomorrow is the last day of spring break for me  im a huge fan from Ireland by they way . your an awesome actress + singer!
@GoldyMom Unfortunately no  And I have some work I really want/need to do. Are you having fun for me ;) I hope so!!
OMG DISNEY WORLD WAS SOOOOOOOO FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SO MANY STORIES!!!!!!! BUT I MISSED TWEETING 
Why is it even the most straight forward of things take 10 times longer than you expect ...just not enough hours in the day 
beautiful weather here in kyoto, but today is unfortunately devoted to work  sigh ????????
@mikasounds I was outside for maybe an hour and a half in 70 degree weather and I got crispy...Fair skin is a killer!! Sun burn sucks 
@jennifermf Aw, I got all excited from your tweet to she_writes, hehe. But yeah, I miss full-service gas stations. 
Shokudo with my girls! Missing Jen.  Happy birthday Lynne!
@joepolitics sad, very very sad...i can't go but desperately want to  man i luv fla, but wish i was closer to boston! dammit!
@joeymcintyre so jealous i cant be there to hear it 
@DtheGodAwful  I remember now! But I have HORRIBLE memory. Plain out Horrible. I don't even know what to say, completely my fault. Again 
@allegromoderato Sounds like a great idea! I need to get my horn out and practice. It sits in its case, lonely and jealous of the  piano. 
@shafunnyxl i thought u luvd me homie 
@Dalefluffy totally would, but zach already got mad at me today cause i got the group called out.  it would be funny though
I'm at a really nice wedding but my allergies are preventing me from enjoying myself. Achoo!  http://bit.ly/3wv1VP
@freddurst this is lemon's son. i really want u 2 reply 2 my mum saying happy b'day or something. can u plz do it     
@joeymcintyre HAVE FUN, WANT TO HEAR IT TOO  ENJOY YOUR SHOW TONIGHT LOVE FROM BRUSSELS
Prom is going to be wonderdul! It would be even more perfect if @megenn were coming 
Can I drop my phone even more?  No white screen yet.
stinkin dryers @ the laundromat r too hot even on the coolest settings.  I scorched my mattress pad 
Just woke up from a nice nap. Unfortunately, my stomach hurts, as usual. 
Everyone is gone home - What a fun day!  Too quiet here now 
Checking out at 10pm gotta be at the airport by 11pm, Then sit at the airport for 3hours yeeiii ...not really happy bout that 
Just watched Changeling.. amazing but incredibly sad film 
Just got out of work...ready to do something fun tonight but idkk what yet! 
@estarla yeah  and since when were the scoops almost $3? I'm just bitter.
Drove Jake for probably the last time ever.   It felt alien to me already. Meanwhile It was all top down with Max today.  Fun!
@trackademicks/mommy did someone hack into your account? Even though its a quote, I've never heard you use that word... i don't think 
Fuuuck, accidently my whole .config/, it took so long to configure awesome. 
@SamSassy I'm gonna miss you sooo much tonight! Happy Birthday won't be the same 
@theacademyliz i would be so upset 
I am beat.  What can I do with my 2 two year olds tomorrow in Denver that won't kick my ass even harder?  Beers in backyard not an option 
@wilfordtibbetts no!  I'm out. But not happy 
@shannatram  @alice_ash we ate already  but if you wanted to come over with food no one would be offended
@briannack It was awesome - near Ukranian Village, http://qik.com/video/1496429 the audio interview dropped.  This is horrible. 
Good morning tweetland ! Doing my sunday chores  so tat I can have fun l8r
@Cephas38 They advertise online, and even post photos of the quilts. I'm sure even that's a stretch for them. Don't think they sell. 
Cannot figure out what I have eaten today that had upset my stomach. 
Can we have something like Hotspot Shield for Ubuntu? I am desperate for YouTube here 
So not happy about the fight. 
Nfg played an amazing set again. I got tons of video for you to see. No better off dead  sorry @heycrys
I'm pretty much the &quot;saddest&quot; person in the world right now, just because this is eventually ending  #ASOT400
@christophermoy you got STICKERS!!! im maddd jealous now 
@phatfffat I LOVE YOU DONDRIA, even though you never chay with me 
Headin out for the evening its all about a house party. No lipgloss 
Wine: RossoFreddo (chilled red) w slice of peach, sangiovese blend during meal. Pics didn't work  Svago is now in my top 5, was amazing!
so not happy with direct messaging and tweetdesk  they just wont work for me maybe im just twitter stupid or something i dont know ugh
@andrewsteeley I think it's awesome that the Yankees have been utterly embarrassed in front of that crowd that paid $200+ for seats 
Shakey's was so much fun but like always good times come to an end 
awww..I had to leave early, didn't even get to catch the bouqet  BUT I'm gonna be at crazy horse 2nite..COME BY! Ray J performing
I wish opening nights as amazing as tonight didn't happen before a morning of Sunday School! I want to celebrate, not teach 
I seriously dnt feel good!ugh i hope i feel way better by tomorrow.even tho i probly wont.if i dnt feel better im screwed.  ***Marianna***
@TiffanyGiardina heey! i wish i was going to the show tomorroww  i really wanna meet you tiffany! you're amazingg!
@revenge218 no i do not sadly.  i wish i did. but im not allowed. XD and none of my friends have it. lol
@HPlightningbolt Ok....best friend's son is in the hospital   He's not even 2 yet!
Art walk was fun, left early due to a killer headache.  birthday tomorrow!
Drinking for 8 hours makes your tummy unhappy. FYI 
@heidimontag Im so jealous your at the beach! I'm from crested butte &amp; we just got another snowstorm  what is your secret to escaping?!lol
Finally found a house to rent for next week's content shoot. Took a nap, ate some pizza, apparently I am not going out tonight 
@lyssy51 I just don't run anymore. had to tone down on the amount of exercise for a while, and only walk when necessary. Not fun.. 
Should I be offended that all my FB adverts are about weight loss? 
@anitacochran actually didn't even know she was in the hospital.. great friend i am..  fail
the back of my throat feels funny... like perhaps I could find myself sick, kind of funny. 
Happy to be back in Orlando. My head hurts from falling off a horse 
@chiefy74 Damn i'm jealous, i wanna watch the fight  i love ufc just no one knows.
What's the deal with my teams losing today?! Argh... NO FUN! 
is with great friends at Grimey's records hearing MUTEMATH play live. They are flippin amazing. Crowds to big though so we can't see them 
@msdrpepper I wish I could follow her but our twitter is broke  I'll just have to subscribe to her youtube vids. Awesome stuf tho!
No joy in mud-ville tonight 
@KATaylor007 Wish I could go with you    I am not going on the cruise. Hope you have fun! Have enough for me, too.
exhausted...long (but happy) day. lot of home work. and tomorrows sunday. last. day. of. spring. break. 
We are sitting in traffic...hope att these people aint going to the same party as me  I hate an over crowded event
@KoiFishSushi I kinda felt the same.  The more I play, the more I enjoy.  Still having trouble stepping up to the next difficulty though 
@natneagle OMG I for got about this  I love twitter because every thing is live.. I get to twitter with all the awesome gurus like you and
is so upset that i'm sick because I wanted to run on the beach at Asbury Park tommorow 
@roberge No - Flash bug. Got lots of complaints too today about voting section not showing www.tr.im/CUBE4copaco  My prob's related to IE 
@deliap sounds like a series of unfortunate events 
has unfortunately confirmed the hypothesis that wine makes me sneeze...nooooooooo. 
They will have afternoon tea with fans soon.. Jealous  I got a dean shirt woohoo.. Posters sold out. Checking my silent auction now #ahbl
@awesomebrian as much as it sucks he is there...retirement time 
OMG,I now know what the #readathon is about,i had NO idea abt this event...i wish i cud have known earlier &amp; participated! 
@tbaoina Ooo if you enjoy garlic naan there's this great Indian place you should check out when you come down. Yes i gots the mail back 
@crispies yeah sorry about robby   wow tony almost had it but i'm happy for mark.
@practicedoctor Hi Steffany - not much new here - rain + stuffy head cold = grouchy John  You look like you're doing well - still smiling!
@riandawson wow. i wish i could've gone!  that sounds awesome. we couldn't get there.
@GpaHill not really. England and Sweden (and perhaps more) have it too. But ours' punishment is extremely harsh 
@Tuxxer I MISSED IT  glad it was boring and i didnt miss anything good
is upset that @cassyecky  hasn't been on twitter lately. Where r u?i miss u 
Time to go fold laundry  have I mentioned how much I HATE laundry?  Well I DO!  Anyone got a laundry fairy to spare?
Back from Saint-Saens concert. Glad we came. Excellent performance by the Dallas Symphony! Cattlemen's tomorrow - no King Tut tickets. 
@itskendall Yeah, I'm all about simple drinks. 3 steps max. Unfortunately we lack both champagne and orange juice 
I am not proud of myself.i bailed on the pre-test.i guess i ws scared and just not ready.i'm so disappointed 
I had the most random day of fun. I can't believe its over already. Now I can't wait for tomorrow except its gonna rain...booooo 
just watched seven pounds... cried soooooo much 
http://twitpic.com/3ktzh - even at this rate, i am considering much better than &quot;3G&quot; #indonesia mobile operator speed 
just ripped my new tank trying to take a tag off...awesome  goodnight
is going to bed, not even with a kitty-cat, just a blanket. What a night. 
at home, plans fell through like always. And news for everyone, i think i got used last night....and its not a fun thing to feel... 
@karenstl jack is a little more tolerant but Daisy just freaks out at everything. Even her own feet scattering on the floor.  makes u sad!
@Exoplanetology that sounds fun!!  Hey...  read some nanotube news today...  it was oddly unsatisfying...  
@rahmarina sist.... I need u here to take some photos... I'm hopeless... 
@Maddie_14 thats awesome!!! I wish i would have that many 
@mikec25 I'm glad to know that my embarrassment made you laugh.  They were my favorite pair of jeans *sigh*
i'm bummed i'll be missing the mermaid parade this year  had mad fun in 08. Its june 20th, in case ya'll wanna go.
i'm too sleep deprived to enjoy all this house music i'm playing - I will never stay up till 4:30 am only to get up for school at 6am    
doing online math test  first, i didnt even know how to get there
Headed home. Upset. 
@Samatic86 ha ha , damn you ! all that fun without me 
@majornelson It's amazing to me, but your up is higher than my down.  Lucky you and your DOCSIS.
@MIZZWALKER aww I remember your bday dinner last year!  have fun for me!!!
Done at the gym. Was good. But then i say myself in the mirror and was really glad that we were leaving. 
is exhausted and not feeling well. hope @j_ohhhh is having fun at movies since he bailed on me 
is so exhausted from mercer... not particularly excited about working tomorrow morning 
I can't believe I lost the vids  these were fun, cool personal stuff!
@HeatherOsborn Tell Tom to hold his wallet until RWA   I am working for my boss Ned, unfortunately. #nedfail
@ScottBourne that's like $1 per follower!! Amazing, and to think I just started following you this year, 
seven pounds is too sad for me 
playin my guitar and listening to John Mayer...cant ever listen to to much of him...ever damnnit! lol even though I have a paper 2 do 
@matthewgood i unfortunately watch WAAAAYY too much tv  so you're probably smart not to pull the trigger!
Not enuf sunday  jazz club, dad, morose-looking upholstery guy [we're getting to be an item at this rate].....
my phone is gonna die... no fair 
@race_12_1 I was afraid of that  Would it be wrong to skip out on m brother's gig even though the entire family's going? :p *sob*
@leilanivaldez yummy taco bell! havent had that in awhile...are you still taking your trip? hope so...even though i wont be there 
i have really crusty feet, ah awoken yet again by loud drunks and its not even summer love the shore 
If I see one more tweet about the SIL/QD concert, I am not gonna be happy. Sleep now. Bus ride somewhere. I have to leave tomorrow  
I am BLOWN! Ugh...for once I just want to enjoy myself and have fun, but somethin always happens to eff that up 
on our way home, missed the money by 1 match (me that is, Nils knocked out b4 me!) fun time, only downside -  smell like smoke   blech ...
@emmafoxforce holy crap awful &amp; superscary, wish I came out 2 meet yalls @ stellas thurs maybe I coulda helped, just glad nobody got hurt 
I miss Loma Linda. Even though its only 15 minutes away from the new house 
Headed out with D and friends for some fun! Not staying out crazy late.....working all day tomorrow!  after a mimosa brunch if course!
Watching Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Need to start working, but got work on the mind. 12 hours in hell tomorrow. Fun 
@feliciaheartsDW totally jealous, I want to be at that party 
@rain_holly NICE! I didn't know you are a Spurs fan. That makes like six of us on LSB, hahaha. Kinda glad I couldn't watch tonight. 
@Fiona_Fierce I'm cooling boo, bout to rest my head. Gotta get up early! How did B look? I'm jealous 
Seventeen again was great, reeses peanut buttercups x2, twix x2 = Me about to be sick 
@amazingphoebe yeah, i did think that, maybe you should have been unforgiving in the first place  you could hurt me that much, you could
@Ecosaveology Sorry I missed you today.  Let me know if you and/or Ed come to Oklahoma or Texas again. Ed is amazing!
@Mz_Content04 I need u to hush...I got bored damnit...this mfer getn on my nerves! Miss my guy! 
@MUSiCiSLiFE45 hahahah that may be true..... unfortunately we're at 3oh!5 now though... 
I still like the kid I liked last year we liked each other but never dated.him&amp;his gf broke up&amp;I was so happy.but now there back together 
@girlandcowdog Aww!  I thought it was sunny all over America... I'm sorry, dear. 
@blanesaw ah so jealous  if i didnt have so many tests this week i wouldve gone
wishes she was in americaa to follow lily allens clues and get to see her  shes amazinggg
Not normally into the blond hair/blue eyes, but old regular Elizabeth is back &amp; looks amazing as ever. Alas, she's going back on tour. 
@ChefMark That is no fun to hang around! 
Mets won, went shopping, celebrated Brad's b-day w/ everyone, I'd say this was a pretty awesome saturday.  Not ready to do hw tomorrow. 
@tindling i had peoples. and awesome sandwiches things with emily and charlie. yumminess. no eggs though 
Damn! I love my Nigga. But how can I tell him his girl looks like the shit out my hamster's ass?? Its not even a joke 
had a fun night in Philly even though my ears are still ringing from the club music. Work in the am, yay 
@_pieman I don't think we're going to seeing the SMB consumer product uptake in the Linux market for a couple more years unfortunately 
@yeahboyandsarah i am so jealous you are a member of itleaked 
actually kinda tired, even though i should still be driving, coming home from Iowa, but i didnt go, so i'm home already. 
Everyone is out having fun without me and im home recovering from being sick. I'm lonely and sad 
@_angeliina Ouch! Glad ya didn't =D otherwise poor Kevy would be awful lonely  Lol!
@mslujan  .. no fair.. w/e ... night ;)
enjoyed the Petaluma races, but misses her hubby 
@blamecanada09 @nick_carter I would be so happy if I got a shout out, esp since I was so excited to see him in AZ but it didn't happen, 
I'm not bitter, but I've got better days 
After amazing MIA, anything else is quite boring 
these songs keep making me even sadder... 
laying in bed watching shrek with kaden.. bbq-ing with my bf amanda tomorrow and letting the kids play.. poor steven has to work  ..
Happy birthday to one of my dear friends AICYD!!! sorry I couldn't make it tonight   Hope you had fun!!
@thespillcanvas that movie is amazing. 
@MsJG Well its Sat night 4 1 thing, and its not any diff than any othr nite.. bt i have no life.  About to do dishes! YIPPEE!! (sarcastic)
@StevenLan Why would you say that? Lol, now I'm staring at the cup i waited literally about 20 minutes to get. 
Great. Everybody's telling me how awesome Paul was last night at Coachella &amp; now my brother is telling me about it. No need to push it!!! 
56 days til I go on vacation with the family!  JOY 
@AngelVain Now you're just teasing us...thats just so unfair  LOL!
@Camiluvsflowers i kno i got all excited 
Who even has a Nielsen box? Right-Wing, fox news watching, &quot;perfect&quot; god fearing families from what I can see... not a decent TV audience 
@alienantidote no condition christine?  that's definitely in my top 3 AOF songs, along with leaves and sing along. Glad you had fun.
Returning some amazing shoes.  Heals are leather veneer. Yuck. On the pair I tried on the sticker wasn't.  Person got new ones from back..
Leslie hurts me... on a regular basis.... even on a first date....   
My liver officially hates me...tonight was amazing, met some sweet people, laughed my ass off but chipped my freakin' tooth  work at 7am
@freakshowmikey @fsbigbob Snuggie Bar crawl looks amazing!!!!  I'm sorry I couldn't be there! 
Brain shocks are not fun. I feel like crying. 
@FreakPirate Fair enough, just sucks to see you unfun again. 
seriously trip isn't going as planned I wanna have fun but I'm stuck between a rock n a hard place ugh dammit JUST WANNA HAVE FUN 
Even expecting a good rest, this weekend sole has studied ''. . . since and Tuesday I have test of I calculate 
this isn't fair. i hate this.  :/  D:
@nick_carter ohhh!!! I love to go out with you but unfortunately I am in another country 
I already missed CA for a lot of reasons. *sigh* And now I want to be there even more. Now I'm nostalgic. 
umm. hi. my eyeballs hurt. and the seventeen again on watch-movies.net does not work. 
@IzzyJ_Is_Here i'm glad you have the power! which reminds me of that song &quot;ive got the power!&quot; but idont remember name so can't blip 
this isn't fair. i hate this.  :/  D:
@maybeshelied I'm not laughing! We only got one like four years ago. But mmm that sounds good! Even though I don't really like chocolate! 
this isn't fair. i hate this, it's just another reason. :/  D:
@bridgesnmatches @minkus No Miley, No Selena. only that girl 4m American Teenager. The friend not even the preggo one.  but amoeba was ill
@nick_carter Stop letting us jealous! hahaha Just because i cant go 
@tealou frustrating, huh... even when you're &quot;having a break&quot; you still need to download patches  
Rt @LilTanLines I know I'm Special... hahaha But the fucking Special Olympics won't let me compete in their events. 
I think I'm catching a cold  even though it's 70 degrees outside
just got back from a rather disappointing UFC main event 
@KELLY__ROWLAND I haven't noticed a twit from you all day...kinda upset by that thought 
@thejessicadrake YOUR WELCOME!! Even though I dont have cable. Sorry Im missing it I dont watch much TV. So So Sorry 4 missing it 
Had an awesome day but can't shake this weird feeling 
@MikeyMcFly man, busy day of fun. now just winding down. doing as much as i can to avoid thinking about my PC problem. 
@theBeerWench wow, hope life isn't all that bad  remember hops are just around the corner to help make you happy!
hannah montana movie make me cry!! it was awesome even my mom enjoy it!!! OMG what im gonna do without hannah montana 
@EmptyIsAwesome I'm sorry iI missed it 
@AroundTheHorn That championship bout was pretty tactical. . but in a BORING way!! Leites shoulda came out blazing in the 5th!? Depressed 
@UrbanThreshold ohhh i am so jealous i miss city island 
saw a girl today! i waved at her, she didnt even notice me 
@FBRInternJess so jealous about the show tonight 
can't believe how useless Home still is. In the GH space and can't even hook up with people to play with. So lame 
I need to figure out stuff! I'm so frustrated 
egads the lag on #GoW2 is unbearable (rubber banding, delayed finishers) but sooo close to winning the match 
Rachael Yamagata- Duet, Augustana-Sweet and Low (acoustic), Mayday Parade- Miserable at Best...Oh me and my depressing music 
@IzzyJ_Is_Here haha yayyy! aw, lady i really hope you're not sad. that's no fun  just listen to calle ocho and dance dance dance! 
Just got back from NYC. The city was fantastic. Buy the Yankees got slaughtered 
Laying down friggin mad. Didn even do anything this weekend. wanted ta party hardy &amp;&amp; drink bacardy. 
@TiaMowry oh, no fair i was lookin for her 
Bellys asploding.  had fun w/Patti 2nite. New verdict in my life.....&quot;I'm not gonna sit around &amp; wait 4 u anymore&quot; attachments fading...
Crashed out after a long week. My poor hubby not happy with how the Blazers did against Houston.   They'll do better next time.
I think I may  have said thing that could have made some  angry -- sorry for that, truly  
@angieODT79  I don't think that we're going to make it tonight girls... but we did our best @dannywood would be proud!!
I'm feeling pretty annoyed with the world at the mo... I was robbed of my beautiful pretty bike... 
@Browneyes2009 he is absolutely amazing in it!!! i wish i was seeing it again tonight 
I'm not even missed.  
@Yummy_Flaquito that's awesome! My dad sent manuel n teresa to buy him a dq ice cream cake as I was leaving so I missed it 
@RiskyBusinessMB we love you too. I really wish that I couldve been there. Trust me Ive been in a bad funk all day cuz I couldnt go 
Stilll lampin tho LoL wit da homies in da east dis my last day of fun  hw 2morrow &amp; school nd work alllll next week 
@HappyCassie you called me meany first! 
Liddell lost tonight  .. upset but not surprised, he is getting too old to fight.
@angesbiz slow internet just isn't fun for anyone 
7:59... Can't believe i'm awake on a sunday... It's earlier than during the week. And i'm even tweeting... pff 
@brianangelday26 forget the haters!! dont delete your twitter! 
@Missyglen I don't even want to hear about it. 
2day I went 2 GiantsGamevsDiamondBacks(:But sadly they lost.Urgh  Oh well, had fun atleast &amp; it was soo hot where we were sitting at lol
Isn't happy... I was just forced to install Silverlight on my machine.  Shame on  #asot400
@cyn3matic And I can NOT find the dang petco receipt!  AAGH!  I didn't even think I'd need it to return a deceased hammy. 
@brian_g I think it could wait for urgent care in the AM if you want to save your dollars.    doesn't sound fun at all to hang at ER.
because im having a miserable lonely night 
@vickycornell Thank you, he is the joy of my life &amp; has helped with the pain of losing my 18 year old Son 2 years ago in a car accident. 
So it's 2am &amp; I am wide awake....freakin' fantastic 
Too bad im sick can't enjoy the Killers like i wanna  
@HGhost tomorrow earth day at Balboa park. my friend is driving.i don't have a car.  it should be fun though!
At home now. Fun fun fun tell its time to return to the real world on monday 
@billbeckett Its funny what small things like hearing from you daily has become a staple, you're a serious pick me seriously  missed hugs
@brianangelday26 fuck the haters ur bigger than that u supose to be the strongest one i want u to stay!! dont go 
@britthosey It's awesome! I know I am going 2 b loving it once I get it all figured out. My phone contacts didn't get pulled over though 
I am not too happy with MF Global trading platform 
should i even be on here? what 4? what am i doing? what am i THINKING? saying what I'm really thinking usually freaks ppl out  what to do
@SuperM86 Having a break now and certainly NOT happy LOL  Not my idea of fun at all 
@brianangelday26 u shouldn let haters effect u since u cant get rid if them. But if deletin it is the best then  sorry to see u go
@NocksRocks Revolutionary Road didn't get all that good reviews unfortunately. 
@sstanich i know  &amp; now my expectations are so high 4 some awesome food right now but i know im going 2 end up with grilledcheese tongiht
Things are getting busy. I'm glad things are finally getting busy. 
(i wanted some even tho i am already wearing some boxers &amp; therefore didnt need them but we searched &amp; searched and could not find any  )
@radiojoe yeah i was happy with the season. Too bad it looks like it might be canceled.  Hopefully not.
miss you miss you miss you and i cant even tell you 
@MissMelissa77 im hungry too  tweeting is fun though
is so incredibly exhausted it isn't even funny. I hope I talk to you tomorrow... since I didn't today 
@TheWineVault   busy but would love to come to the next one.  Have fun guys!!
@auditiondanny i'm jealous of los angeles, she gets to keep you for a month or two 
@aramc Thank you!. I always enjoy the catch up. Went from a hot day in SGD to a cold, wet and windy day here. 
@heather_a_11 You never told me you were going away so soon...  Have fun though!
@VUEband no vegemite... No bread  I'm indoors watching movies. Very ineventful but tr's relaxing!!
@graknil lol. Well. Glad you're almost done. I never get called. 
AND Im not even done, gtta finish grocery shoppin tom 
not wearing glasses on sunny days to even out my glasses tan! 
Well it's 1:24 am and I am wide awake still. Even read half a book and it still didn't put me out. Having a smoke then go back to bed 
didn't get to see the Mavs tonight     but glad they won 
@RebeccaHappy I have a lot of Earth Day &amp; #conservation pages &amp; books in my website. Sadly the elections have dominated everything 
pizza and hot funyuns... britney will never love me 
talking to an awesome guy im falling for. they always have to live so far away 
*is disillusioned in everything she once believed* 
@Canageek ...profile page and hit &quot;older&quot; till you reach the two #tfe events... And paste each character's arc seperately. Or; give up 
Feel like I just got raped.  Never satisfied when that happens 
@podcastmama Google described the Optigan as an adult toy and I got excited until I learned that it's an organ 
no more snow i want warm sunny weather 
@sugarfairy511  oh no!!! sorry hon. 
@DynamicImage &amp; every1 else Sorry i couldn't reply. Battery ran out.  But yeah I was happy Shogun won but Silva could of finished Leites!
@Sarnie24 I had to bring my car in the shop today. No car=no ride.  have fun though!!!
@NyckiMidTown omg! I totally did not get this until now. I've been slacking on my Twitter stuff.  hope ur havin fun! Thanku 4 the invite!!
home with my sick baby girl... even at 12 yrs old you still hate for them to go through it 
has a btl at the Pops champagne bar in chicago. they had a sep theise driven grower list, i coudn't afford it  but fun anyway
boring  ! the game is over , not fun at all
sexual frustrated in seattle  
@CupcakeAli hahahaha that's effin awesome! Dude I talked to this girl who has a friend that's met chris and she said he was rude 
just got home from a long night and im not even tired 
ohh not even sleepy.....95% awake  and a whole lot of nothing to do!
is super worn out! but had an amazing time!!  i'm really sad it's over. 
It was FUCKING CANCELLED arrrgggghhhhhhhh  not happy !!
Says that i probably won't even go  and i hate boys
@iamdakota thAT SUsan is amazing , bought a tear to my eye  nawww
@kaylacooksontv u went to the beach today?! I'm so jealous 
@nicolerichie amazing song... especially after my car just got keyed 
@KaylaEileen what? You don't like staying up here? Oh wait, you didn't even stay with me 
My back huuuurts  I will be happy if I never have to move again.  x.x
unemployment is fun!!!! too bad mines is coming to an end 
Witching hour.  Call for a domestic desturbance.  Poor lady.  she's really upset and looks hurt.  K9s here.
why is it that i can be happy for others and not for myself?  grr.
Studyin for my Intro. to A&amp;P test   so glad semester is almost over!
:/ i know It's bad, and will be painful, but i really want that jaw surgery, sucks that braces can't even fix my underbite. 
Ehh I'm totally frustrated with life at the moment. 
@nicolerichie it's a very good movie, funny but sad!! 
terribly disappointed to be home sick on a Saturday night. No fun for me. And probably no sleep for me either 
@ULOVELACE aww, poor Brian. I feel bad, even though i didnt do anything 
home sweet home, sickling is in bed and my eyes are fighting to stay open. time to crawl into bed, i have to function for the ap tour 
@theVIPERroom so jealous that I have never had the chance to go to the viperroom-      maybe someday-
@buddario it's old age mate, I can hardly sleep beyond 7am, even at weekends 
@cndmndrgn thanks! I was so happy to see SF today! yay home! but I'm still sad to not be at Camp Hope with my homies anymore 
Upcoming events: @britneyspears Apr 29th, and DOPE on May 10th.  Missing my bff hardcore 
my heart aches with jealousy... wad makes it worst?? i miss her so much, I tink i'm in love with her... 
@nicolerichie very funny,but there's no happy ending 
Sushi was awesome as usual. More expensive than I remember it though  Still nice to get out.
At gatwick airport and not even flying  made friends with the parking attendant tho so don't have to pay for parking!
Hubby bought me a bike tonight. Went for a midnight ride up and down our street. Very fun but am now quite sore. 
@zackalltimelow because when you is in focus people appear for criticize you. i'm brazilian, sorry for my english via google  haha
Is quiet upset as my bf gave me the flick via a text message and now dont have the guts 2 tell me why or vn talk 2 me!!!! 
@crusaderz4life Cupcakes MAYBE tomorrow.  I'm so tired, don't even feel like cupcakes right now 
Thank you @NKOTB for a wonderful show. @joeymcintyre I loved the new song! @DonnieWahlberg I'm sad you didn't wear my hat 
just got word that there is a dead body at the alley cat. blood and all. very scary stuff. glad i wasnt there to see it. 
waste of time, this function. and fight with dear friend. should have stayed home, after all. 
@mominisrael all our household contents. including our new appliances and wedding present dining room table - all being sold! 
Oceans Eleven isn't nearly as entertaining as I thought, just makin me miss having someone around 
@fakerpattz  That makes me so sad. I feel for you even though i cant reach you. Well in my dreams you keep me warm every night.
@jessicastrust tooth fairy doesn't exist here  Instead they have a little rat called 'Ratoncito Perez'. Think I might have to bypass &gt;&gt;
Feel tired &amp; hopeless, wanna crawl back in2 bed &amp; sleep  ZzZzZ, Gonna finish up some homework first tho! haha, I hope this week goes fast!
@cassieventura dude your so awesome but we dont hear much of you over here in N.Z 
@zackalltimelow  Now why in the hell would people make fun of you, Zack? I'm literally pouting right now.
Tonight was fantasticccc... But I'm my ankle still hurts. 
is so sad  waited to send jen a happy bday message at 12, but forgot that she has limitations X( gahhhh
@kav_p why are you so happy when i'm sick 
sometimes it's just best for me to stay curious  rather than find out the bitter truth
@whateverloren I know it's funny but I liked Papa Markus more  HAHAHAHA DON'T LAUGH AT ME! But yes, Shim is awesome. He drives me crazyyy.
I think I'm thinking too much  I've been laying here, trying to get to sleep, and I can't even though I'm superrr tired. :/
Still out of the &quot;Real&quot; world... no even good cell range 
God, I miss home, I miss the time when I can play the music to the loudest volume and sing as loud as I want, even at 3 in the morning 
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/3kygb - uuuh that seems much more delicious that my poor coffee  It's like 4 am here, I didn't even go t ...
@friskyradio I know... But don't be jealous! I'm in bs as  boooooo... I'll be there next week to play in the freak party :p
Re: drunk tweeting. I can't even drunk IRC, let alone drunk tweeting. IApparently I haven't lived 
@nick_carter say hi to sissy kiss for iaaa is bed time on manday i come back to school  have fun  sissiy and nicky xD kiss from mexico!
Missing some amazing people 
@meaganfegan ya me too  the machine didn't even give me a number. And now I'm on pills 
Chuck Liddell is so out of shape it's not even funny.  the biggest belly fat I've seen in the Octagon.
@Sarahfenix  im planning on going. I miss u guys... Havin fun?
homework takes the fun out of my life always  it seems i am always home on some weekend night due to it how pathetic
i am missing out on all the ipl fun,...sob sob 
I hate all of you people who are at Coachella!!!! JK. I'm just jealous.   Damn recession!
Ugh! None of my friends want to get on Twitter.  At least I can keep up with my Twilight peeps. Yay! You guys are awesome!
bout to take it in. i had a ball with the family at dinner but the bar wasnt that much fun   theres always next wknd
Jeez, this is usually the time when dad walks in and asks mum if she has a sore stomach. they're fighting. no sarcastic dissing tonight 
@neilhimself awww - thats no fun 
Doing the grocery with a massive headache....not fun 
Sneaky were awesome last night. Feet so sore today 
Michelle Ryan would have been an awesome companion. 
Okay, Twitter's having a major malfunction for me. No following, no the profile. I'm pretty bummed right now.  *Twit-tear
Yeahh my mood is jst overtaking the fun of the party. Im outttt 
finally went out. kind of lame but we made it fun. ouch paper time 
Busted out in 7th place...suckie, but fun 
@haco86 i'm glad you aren't dead after your dragon experience. i have a dinner tonight, can't do movies anymore  when are you next free??
I did something I'm not proud of last night 
im grounded because i use twitter too much ! not fair 
back to the work again this morning fun times 
Crew party is still going on?! Wtf! They always have fun when i'm gone. 
 i am depressed again. i miss home so much right now!
18mph wind and sunny but wind is NNE so no beach in the south that would work for kitesurfing today - gardening day 
@jamiewhincup Seven seconds! Shame about the clutch problems I was waiting for the burnouts 
despite having like... no sleep, it's been awesome. wish @lcibos could have been with us.  ---one more day on con!
Holi show was fun.. after party at ten pin was pretty cool too. Now I've seriously got a paper to write 
omgah, So bored.. somebody give me a new fun thing to do for now.. I tired tetris.. video games.. and solving rubix cubes faster 
@bigredranggu - unfortunately, i don't like ben and jerry's 
you know whats depressing? Arriving at the airport and having nobody to greet you  in other news, dublin is sunny today....
@robthrive awesome, what do you fly? Love flying but haven't done so in a few years 
@zackalltimelow aww zack i love you  people who don't even know you &amp;write mean things online are retards. hot atl boy &gt; annoying stalkers
 seeing all the happy drunk girls on penn! Being ridiculous! Not us  sober!
Just watched Seven Pounds.  Feel vaguely depressed.  
Up early as usual. I can't help it my body clock is stuck  Going to a bbq later Happy Birthday @cheekychen!!
Dude i really want to start a bra fund. Having big boobs sucks  i need new bras sooo bad!! This is ridiculous 
I don't even know anymore.  Goodnight.
this whole staying up till 4am or later thing is really making it hard to function lately.. why cant i sleep?! i have tried everything.. 
@SarahSaner Welcome to mine &amp; @billipipers world lol. We have some wonderful dreams but the DR never comes to help us  lol
@Wossy are you excited about Iron Man 2? Following @jon_favreau for onset updates! No pics allowed though 
Sat in van, waiting for people to turn up at the gamefair. 
Going to attempt to attend the comedy festival tonight. Couldn't get tickets to Steven K Amos 
Not to bad of a job except for the fungus ...ok  
@Badnews84 its not funny  I'm hurt
It was really easy to park but now we are stuck hopelessly in one lane pile up. It hasn't shown any signs of movement for 20 minutes 
had a really, really strange dream. Want to call M but I'm too proud. If dreams mean anything, he doesn't seem so well and I'm worried. 
wants to know how come I always get sick when I have something fun to do the next day 
@njh have fun, wish I was going too 
why are the link colors not changing? even though i edited them in settings? 
Laser Quest was a lot of fun. I came in 6th. Cliff kicked ass. I had the best grilled cheese sandwich tonight. I'm sad my 3 weeks are up 
really happy i got to talk to phlegm after a looong time.... really misses him 
burnt myself on the sandwhich maker  not fun
Awww my girl (Jessica Biffi) lost.  But at least the winner (Sunny Fong) was super talented.
I'm wearing my BMW t-shirt today, so it's quite upsetting to see them struggling so much 
Drunk. In Brisbane. Unfortunately going home tomorrow 
@vivaleces nothin...  the sunday sessionistas take up to much space and make to much noise to be enjoyed
@iLaurenStevens I don't have a TV in my room right now, and Klara is watching a movie in the living room. 
I am not excited about what tomorrow will bring. Staff meeting at 9 and I am still wide awake... Already sounds like a good time... 
@LUCYM95 darrrlingg. going out for dinner :s will be back not to late, chat then. hope u had fun today! haha i fad a great day  loveyouxx
@carneymusic fantastic show! love you guys! looking forward to the LP cos we missed out on getting an EP 
@bigemrg: Tell me about it. I'm en'route to Longleat for the day and won't be able to even look at my pics when I get home 
Wonderful sunny day  Have to learn today :-/ al day long 
Had an awesome barbeque today, but I wish it wasn't 50 degrees all day  Miss the 80 degree Southern California weather.
Not fun transferring tweetdeck.com to new hosting  Should be there now for most...apologies to those affected, working on it
Last day before back to college! noo ive enjoyed being off so much! Going to write up my history essay and then maybe do some maths?! 
Evening! Finally able to drag myself back to the PC after a bout of food poisoning from Friday night  Not my kind of weekend.
@GoonetteInc Yes keep me posted on them. I may even be n FL soon.I aint been to Tampa since Jan 
@cultureshockmag is sad  n it makes me sad &amp; @colinmunroe didn't come I was excited about meeting u! @waledc cracked on my carpal tunnel
Loved being up on stage at GSL and meeting JB and Suzi P!!! What an awesome show... Shame I lost to a 13 year old girl... 
Great it's nice and sunny and I have wee dose of the cold! 
@Pocketninjas i'm jealous you went to the cherry blossom festival 
@iLaurenStevens the new cable boxes or whatever thingys don't work in my room. 
Off to bed, work tomorrow of course  but I'm glad I got to see Erynn today!!
@reedes - yes, but it was better than the 2008 Australian film I just watched then. :/ And less than 1/12 the length. I is depressed. 
@DonnieWahlberg You were all wonderful tonight.  (except 1. don't do 2 in the Morning with that vocoder bullcrap 2. danny had a shirt  )
wants to stay in oslo, but has to return to the dull netherlands this evening 
is hoping to enjoy the sun today plus get to the gym, shops &amp; cinema. Back to work tomorrow  joy!
@dswints just got home myself! I had an event I asked you to swing by! 
@dannywood Oh, that's great. Heard some of your solo stuff and I like it. Unfortunately I can't find your CD's anywhere over here... 
thanks to @magslhalliday and @markclapham for a great day yesterday. Feel bad for not playing Divine Comedy in evening  Sorry!
A good night's sleep helped me recover from a very fun day yesterday. Today I take L and her stuff back to Plymouth for the summer term 
SKITTLES! Happy me. I havent sleep in so long there are bruses under my eyes. 
Two down, one to go.... oh the joys of nights 
geez,i hv to READ the whole book of personality types before i can embark on my typing!!  no fun for my SUNDAY  warrrrhhh
DEA's are no fun  
@amazingphoebe mum said you couldn't come over 
Yet another sunny day in Utrecht (to be spent indoors). The last day of the hackathon...  Time to test and release. #hac5
is glad that everything for tml's articles are settled. like finally! i can go out now. aargh, whole sunday wasted. 
is glad that everything for tml's articles is settled. like finally! i can go out now. aargh, whole sunday wasted. 
It's morning.  I'm bleary-eyed and not happy to be out of bed 
huh! I didn't even realize that weekend has come and almost gone..   I want my weeekends offffffffffffff ..
@DWsEventualWife my cousin loves jon and he hugged her then got on his phone during the M&amp;G.  She isnt happy either 
OMG one hour limit   life is so unfair
@amazingphoebe don't you have work tomorrow too or some shit? 
@sunsetoverdose the first time was a glass of water. this time, however, was a bourbon and ginger... i wasn't even drunk. just clumsy. 
Wonderful weekend comes to an end. I go to sleep now and when I wake... it will be monday. 
@MariahCarey Ouch a sore tooth!  That is no fun!
is upset @ my situation  -im sick- cpa exam is in less 2 wks- im tired- ive missed out on so much already-my wallet is still gone &amp; more
yawn....another day in work and it's sunny AGAIN 
@amazingphoebe alright, so think of something to do tomorrow, and we'll do it  until then, i'm gonna get off twitter  i love you 
I got so upset my stomach kills.  lord help me
@cookiemonster82 no thankfully not today,but work tomorrow at 6am  Hoping for no rain because of my dead wipers!!!:/
Coachella Day 2 over, one more left!  TRVSDJAM + surprise guest Warren G=amazing... Michael Franti + spearhead=great music/vibe! BEDTIME
i will be glad when these twitter tech people fix my account 
not happy with the maintenance happening in his bathroom for past 30 mins - Hungover  Not good!!!
@aestivus I don't even know where that is 
@amazingphoebe alright, i'll talk to mum about it  i'll talk to you later i guess  i love you
@Muiz018 euwyyy, i saw that video posted on @perezhilton only watched about 10 seconds of it tho and got disgusted immediately 
@BeaMe101 not funny bea? 
@ingridmusic Enjoy your European summer tour. Stupid me found out about it too late, now &quot;my&quot; concert is already sold out  Next time!
@GreerMcDonald Rugby was fun, but wow I'm sick!  Movies and soup tonight.  Probably tomorrow, too.
So thankful @emilysiren brought my beloved @laurajones024 home as a surprise. Missing @Pives  Sick as hell off chz &amp; champagne. Brilliant.
where are my girls  make me happy. i need you!!!
@Catsss Catsss, hope you enjoyed Cornwall. Isn't it orrible coming back from holiday   xxx
@jovialjen From her friend. Apparently her daughter was getting tired of Sapphire and was abusing her! But Sapphire is SO CUTE! 
@tommcfly Yes!!!!! It always beeps, and then I get even more nervous and embarrassed. It's the braces 
@macmuso that sounds awesome. I may have to come and see it - we don't get much opera here in Hobart. 
@tai927 im desperate as for one, coz how my dad lost hes and all im not going to have any money 
@iamDavidMarsh im looking for something annoyingly funny to say to cheer u up, but i got nothin but knockknock jokes. 
V depressed at revelations that favourite DJ will be leaving breakfast show. Don't think i'll listen after chris and team go. 
I can't believe how depressed I am.  Four days after coming back, and it's in full force now. 
The weather makes things so unbearable. I need to be out with an ice-cream instead. 
Hart is home safely!!! Nevertheless drunk and delirious. I am so jealous.  I want to be extremely drunk.
@theearlystrike YEEEEAHA! first follower lol, u guys found a drummer yet? i still dont even know what happened to scott 
Morning. Was helping mate in her garden yesterday &amp; now im feeling bit sore, cant even have a bath to relax hot water tap doesnt work 
Oh no!  I lost my one follower (even though she was spam). 
Good Morning to you all! Looks like it may be another nice sunny day!  I won't see much of it though! Dang this uni work! 
why cant i think of awesome riffs 
Enjoying the F1 whilst updating FS profiles. Back to work tomorrow 
@mortenrovik it's longer ago. I submitted but they did not even answer thx but no thx. 
Urgh moaning at ma as she woke me up early again  so tired but tellison were fantastic  I wish alex was there though.
@ddlovato I FRUCKIN' LUV U!!!!! &lt;3333   UR SO FUNNY ON UR SHOW!! xD i wish i can meet u in person !! 
im sad this is the last day  @asot400 !! glad I caught every sec
I had waaay too much fun this weekend. Now time for the unfun stuff to begin 
@tommcfly well ive never even been on a plane before 
@Goldi_lockz I'm excited for brunch too! But not excited for the 20 minutes of sleep I'm going to get 
@TomFelton HAPPY SUNNY DAY! Happy Birthday Jade (for, was it, Friday?)! Happy Sunday! Unhappy going back to school tomorrow  lol xx
I desperately want to finish New Moon, but it's stressful  WANT ECLIPSE!
dropped my beautiful kids back to their nun  time to head back to Gladstone
is annoyed that we aren't trusted because they have no idea how many plans that fucks up 
Today I have to play music in two concerts, because of my lean to do something even on Sundays... 
@TheEngTeacher good evening. Sorry, for a Sunday evening, #anagramsunday would do my head in 
Somehow, I was bitten 6 times without me even noticing. How did this happen?! So itchy 
@Joysie2286 Hiya, great ta. Got to go and have a shower in a mo and do my chores  then off to see my granny before lunch! You alright? x
i have so wasted my 2 weeks off  had fun and loved it but got so much work to do
@kimifan Thanks, it was nice even though I missed the race coz of it. Looks like i didn't miss an awful lot though, shame about Kimi  x
@amazingphoebe i can't go out, i can't walk  i had to have dinner and stuff  but you didn't even try to stop me  oh well 
Waiting at the bus stop time. So don't feel like work today! Its sunny 
Jim party was cool, but I'm frustrated because all gays are the same. And I am a dumb idiot.  I am sooo lonely here in Zurich 
The #roosters never win from behind on the scoreboard at halftime. Unfortunately we can't win from in front anymore either..  #nrl
I hate being sick.. It's stupid! Can't even be too close to Sunnah 
@JoelMadden arrghhh, u gives me spoiler!!! I even haven't read/watch it. damn u 
Im back Guys,, Laying in the hotel soooooo excited about so many things.!! But i havent heard from sweetface...  ...... :-*
gorgeous sunny day, really want to go outside, still not sure i can walk on my stupid ankle, i need a wheelchair 
Whoop, sunday fun looking at more houses?! Oh joy!... Still have a hell of a lot to do though 
Happy Sunny Day Everyone, going back to school tomorrow 
am going to study a little  enjoy guys enjoooooooooooy #asot400
I want a laptop SOOO bad!  Surfing the internet via Wii or cell phone is SOOO not the same, nor as AWESOME! I want a computer!!
Just woke up and realised I've a pile of college work to do and its sunny outside 
Not even a press conference @BBC  #F1
Dreading packing &amp; not up for Miami tomorrow! Havent even gotten to shop at Kitson yet 
Upset I missed @provodkative bday bash... Tonight was weak....    Womp womp
just got back from camp! I should've gone earlier. it looked like so much fun  haha
That was an amazing race! So happy for Vettel and Webber, but also heartbroken for Sutil and Nick. Poor Nick  #f1
Well that was eventful. W/D to Vettel, but very disappointing that Sutil and Force India didn't get sixth. Big shame  #f1
@LchangetheworLd because you are distributing the content by seeding. I have also noticed a drop in seeders. 
@sebby_peek babe, what did you do?!  I didn't want to get you angry at me 
Its 4 and I'm laying in bed trying to sleep. Failing miserabley. 
One last good sleep before getting back to real world tomorrow and catching up on everything I missed bc of the flu... that won't be fun 
@puppaz I know, she has to move...    You'll have fun anyway, hm?
@fionnkidney hope it all goes well so annoyed I couldn't be there have to workies 
@melstar001 I know! Amazing. I feel bad for Sean  He was my favourite...
unfortunately i have to do some work now 
hates these damn allergies...mix in a cold and asthma...oh joy....sleeplessness nights 
Going to do battle with rush-hour traffic tomorrow.....  not so much fun....
Waiting for delivery of replacement phone - 9-1.00 oh joy 
@amazingphoebe jumped off the trampoline, landed funny. already a massive bruise, think i might have sprained it 
@liamadrid Aww Ate Lois ?  Bawiin mo na lang sa 18th birthday. :&gt; :&gt; I bet it would be really fun. :&gt;
me and my big mouth. this is so upsetting 
@amazingphoebe i would have preferred to have known you didn't want me to go, then to think you don't care 
Had great evening with Tina last night. Watching QoS. Wish I didn't have to work today. 
Formula 1 was fantastic this morning, I really enjoyed it. I'm so happy to see Redbull taking P1 and P2. I was sat to see Sutil wall it. 
@amazingphoebe well, not really care, just like, you didn't want me to stay  sjkdfhasdf and don't say that 
Formula 1 was fantastic this morning, I really enjoyed it. I'm so happy to see Redbull taking P1 and P2. I was sad to see Sutil wall it. 
That is so not fair ! Some are having fun and I'm still stuck in this town with nothing to do ! 
Being thankful I didn't bother going to watch the defensive horror show yesterday... 
Unfortunately it is too windy to go zorbing now  Just trying to work out a Plan B.
No luvin for the evening 
wembley stadium was fantastic but as is the norm The Arsenal didn't pull it out of the bag! 
I really enjoyed last night! and i am truely sorry for giving Mel my cold 
@BondiVet my cat is obese, she's 19 and has kidney failure, she twitches a lot but she's very happy....dreading the day though 
oh joy, GMail down again! This is getting silly, it used to be so reliable now it is flaky as hell 
sat at home being depressed 
@gillalexander Going to bed at 11, when young wouldn't even have started THINKING about going OUT before 11 
@amazingphoebe i don't know what to say or do  i love you 
@JoelMadden That film broke my kids hearts i had them crying for about 3 hours. And it had me upset before it even got to him dying to 
Finally woke up,had an awesome time last night now to go home nd start doing whatever homework I have 
is heading back to depressed'ville... i hate this 
@23graeme23 Arghh that doesn't sound fun...I'm having a lazy day today...Got a busy week 
sitting, Listening to some Amy whinehouse, thinking of the life I could have been happy with and whats next,  i really liked him
@ilaam unfortunately not, it was a group of rather cheesy stars 
is wide awake even though I am tired in Cork and the sun is gone 
Good Morning everyone! I've had another exciting but exausting wkend! Lots of dancing n grinding + alcohol! Now I feel miserable! 
has had to miss her fabulous mam preaching  she'll be awesome
Beer, pizza, krispy kremes and anna were a pretty fun way to end melbourne! Sad to go home 
I really, really, wanna grow taller. Please God, let me be 5' 5&quot; or maybe even 5'6&quot;. 
@natalieannem @BW101 yeah it's on youtube  i'm really jealous lol that's my favourite song...*sighs*
@amazingphoebe if what had been said in that text message didn't bother me, you'd think i didn't care, true? 
Sitting up listening to music till 4am cause you're upset isn't wise. Boo to only 6 hours sleep 
@BW101 it's brilliant, huh? disappointed that it won't be on the dvd too! Wish they filmed UCAP 
Another sunny day it seems! Off to work a little later. Will miss the first half of the FA Cup semi 
am feeling unhappy everyones seeing mcfly and i am not...silly shows being too far away 
@JanaAlyssa They should! Jealous. 
just got back from my great grandma's funeral  She lived a long 107 years
@ALOliver  me to but nearest 1 about 150 miles away  enjoy your walk tweet later have fun Lol
Irritated it not being able to upload a pic   aaaaaarrrrrrrrr
enjoying the f*cking beautiful weather!!!!! Oh and working in the backyard 
@amazingphoebe mmh, you are stupid sometimes, but not as much as me, for i am the stupid, fucked up, retarded one in our relationship 
is not very excited about uni 2morow... i didnt even manage 2 catch up over the holidays 
@rossbreadmore sounds like fun, no sunshine here  Are you following me on ali_bubblegate and ali_mosaic?
@JonathanRKnight Looks like u r done for the night.    Get some much needed rest and enjoy your time off!! Love U
It's not even 11 o'clock yet but I've already eaten lunch. How crazy am I?! No, wait, not 'crazy'. I mean greedy 
feels absolutely awful!! i am sick again with a bad cold i am not happy 
Rocky was fun. Saw the sunrise from Kiernan's window. Wish he was here, too.   No point in feeling lonely, gotta get used to it.
@Beaniebanks Yucky! lol.  Thanks for asking.  Wasn't like this with my other two   No fair!  How are you?
Its not fair we only get 2 weeks! 
Sunny Day  ...and back to work tomorrow 
Spent the day canyoning yesterday (jumping off waterfalls) in the Lakes. Wicked fun but may have a fractured kneecap as a momento 
prom was great, even though we (of course) lost prom king and queen  but now we're terrified because of homicide alerts, mice in streets..
ohhh *cry* holidays are nearly over  seriously so unfair! we only got 1 week  At least I had awesome holidays!
@stephenfry sounds gorgeous! I'm very jealous, nothing nice to walk along where i am  and i love walking!
I'm wondering why I always have to stay in on the days when it's unbelievably sunny. 
hey what a morning!! gig last night was fun apart from the bad sound. off to uni  boo but it may be closed when i get there oh well. xxx
Danm, I never even had a chance to get and buy stuff with BF(Battlefunds). 
@lmchugh Nope, Saturdays game was not good. Even worse result. Come on Carlton! 
@shamazipan I had no sleep last night either  I hope that the show is/was brilliant. I seriously need hugs atm
@jovialjen They have 2 dogs, she probably decided she likes the other one more.  I hope it doesnt have a huge impact on Sapphire.
@nara_sama yeah, he's been unstable since Dec.  low appetite since then.  
@rachel_simmo Well done yesterday. Glad Moseley won. That and the Hartpury win are the only two positive for a Glaws fan 
@Jakeshears damn me livin here in syd...miss out on funkysexy festivals  but I do get to be sexy...all the time here!!
@Ottimisvico I like the idea of the pressure sensitivity. Man! You're just making me want one even more now 
@kimifan  I missed that, was it funny
@Alecroce78 Howdy Bro! Good to see you here; trust Roma is warm and sunny despite bad day for Gunners 
@figgybean yeah it concerned me a little cause as you say he seems annoyed - i've gotta go out too but don't wanna leave twitter 
I want to see the beauty of California. This won't happen for me, for years, unfortunately 
Ok I'm upset!!!! woke up and put the telly on just as the news told me who won the grand prix!!!!!   #formula1
@minnieburley Funny, all I can think of now is curry as well. Too bad I'm already mid-way thru cooking din din 
Watching The Office. Is it me or is it not as funny as it used to be? 
Just broke off all my fake nails so i can get them redone (good) for the formal.  Slightly upset about it at the moment 
Is excited to see the fam after work!!! Can't wait it's been a while but sad my little bro has gone away for a week with the school 
@adamm93  not  fun at all!!...i  have been up all gnith  watching rock of love bus lol
@daphnekate I wanna watch seventeen again 
@ROSS_ROBINSON youre not even coming to see the cure + mbv??? man i was hoping id spot you in the vip and say hi  youre missing out dude!
Need another 1000 words then I'm free of another assessment until Friday's exam   (I hope you're having fun in NZ Tristan!)
why does it have to be a sunny day when i have to do homework 
80 followers, thankyou! I'm now going to make some toast... go to tesco... see becci... sleep... then college, fun 
is very upset now.. she forgot to wash her newly bought white shirt seperately..... and that was her fav shirt  !@#$%^&amp;*()_+|
@hRtBeeP boiling water is not fun. Especially not on the foot 
@NinaMcFLY i know that feeling so well  life's so unfair! have you watched the &quot;down goes another one&quot; one? :')
@jmlw it's not properly sunny  and i have to do french  stop this cheeriness immediately
Going to bed, alone, again. But I did get another 1:30am phone call (oh joy, cue sarcasm). Just want someone to hold me &amp; love me 
I am exhausted, but I have so much work to do! I have an assignment due on Wednesday and I don't even know where to start! 
@HiToYou  LOL she might be. I'll go see her later on. between us we are watching my sis parrot while she away, shud be fun 
ahhh it looks so sunny .. however I still need a scarf today, considering my current health condition  oh well, not hot pants today ;)
my lovelies, sorry for my absence, woke up with flu-ey symptons, still got them so i'm a bit subdued  but still smiling! ;-)
Whyyy whyyy whyyy do I have to wake up, I don't care if it's sunny, I want to sleep 
@fubar2u_2000  sounds crappy. poor you! i saw fast and furious last night and it was ok, not great. but enjoyable.
@kokohawk have fun. I will probably be blowing my nose.... like Niagara Falls! 
Things miserable at my house. Hubby and daughter fighting. Wish they wouldn't 
What an awful night - but what a glorious day today, total blue sky.  Must enjoy tonday - back to work tomorrow 
Beautiful sunny day, good times!!!  Sore throat, runny nose, overall feeling miserable.  Bad times 
@whogetsgladys Oh I really hope she'll come.. What a disappointment for you if she doesn't come 
@punkrockkid4eva NOT EVEN!  i'll go back to it noooow. i just realised it's 2000 words urgh fail. kbye.
my throat hurts, i am at work and completely miserable!!  help me dear god!!
work and then home to do college work :/ not fun in the slightest, no time to see anyone 
Sunshine,clear blue skies.  Must be time for ANGRY TURBO.  I'll leave the garage door open so I can gaze out at the world basking in it  
lovely sunny day outside and im nursin a very bad hangova indoors  so worth it tho lolx
Right... am off to the stables... 7 horses to muck out today 
'Jizzed in my Pants' is absolute fail. Real ordinary stuff. It's huge following means society fails even more than the song 
is soo tired from todays game  and a bit upset cause she can't watch Manchester play 
(@teamtobias) 'Jizzed in my Pants' is absolute fail. Real ordinary stuff. It's huge following means society fails even more than the song 
Is so annoyed!!! just saw who won the F1 and i haven't watched it yet!! 
@gfalcone601 have fun...Wish I cld do that...I'm stuck at home instead 
Sigh, better stay away from the intarwebs until i get time to watch my recording of the F1 race -- which hasn't even been shown yet 
Got back from Flogging Molly.  Holy Shit it was FUCKING awesome.  Well, apart from having to defend Kinsey all Night.  No Mosh for her. 
@ddlovato I'm so angry that i cant come to youre concert, Demi!!!! 
Doing my History coursework  how fun.
Sweden is really awesome! I don't wanna leave.. 
@charleypearson haha, lucky you. i just got told one!  loubee is not happy!
GLaDOS: one of the most engaging characters ever to appear in a videogame ?. If only she hadn't made me kill my companion cube 
happy that i missed coronor's bringin out a nice old lady's body who lived near my dad. she died all on her own 
so happy i go back to school on tuesday not tomorrow. I MUST GET @mileycyrus tickets 
@McALiMeal  You are never going to be a &quot;fucked up little kid&quot;. If anyone dared say that to you i'd fucking punch them D: you're amazing.
Assessing the quality of mitigation proposed in an Environmental Impact Statement, and it's sunny outside 
how dare it be sunny! 
Just bought new tax disc for my car. The first of many, many car related expenses this month 
I just installed ubertwitter but keep getting 'unknown error'  can't even send feedback to @codewarden frm there
@JasonBradbury the crowd gaming was awesome! Was gutted to lose to Suzi though 4-3  hope the whole show went well!
coursework is not a fun way to spend the last day of the holidays 
awwww, there are vids on youtube of the convention I DIDN'T get to go to.. Jared is so funny! And I missed it. It makes me cry 
is bored and looking for a photo to upload and put on here....How fun is that....NOT! 
@conoro Unfortunately I can't make it due to prior appt. in Skib.  Would have really liked to have gone.
it's sweltering. and i'm irritated at friends cancelling last minute.  biometric passport tmr! WOOO.
@mummabaukes awesome..i wish i was doing something of the like.. why cant i study 
Need some help Tweetdeck-wise. Does it delete all the tweets I've seen or even more so there are tweets I may never see? 
@Beverleyknight oh fair enough. u were makin hot music instead! ;-). my boyfriend had a spare seat, but I had the worst headache. 
other people's messages tell me that it's sunny but its so hazy in the centre that the sky looks grey 
Feeling utterly miserable...having a cold come on while working  night shift is not fun 
Nice weather outside, sun is shining. Unfortunately, it looks warmer than it actually is... 
Its sunny in London   @LgrunIts a rainy day in rome. 
wonders why celebrities always find it so easy to fundraise  http://www.justgiving.com/sophiefelton
Past the point of no return. This song is amazing but this part in the movie is so sad!  Christine you bitch!
going to try and enjoy my last day of maternity leave home with my kids....it sucks so bad that I have to go back to work....I am sad  
@rasga I burnt my fingers too, unfortunately. Some idiot lit tealights everywhere and one went out of control. I fought with it and lost 
Is so angry I hate betrayal 
@p6 missing all the action... I have to be content on online scores 
@ItsHeavenly thank u 4 da bday tweet!Saw ur pic from Sarah's bridal shower. I was s'pose 2 go 2 that! But I couldn't make it  looked fun!
bummer  have fun I mean THAT's a bummer btw http://tinyurl.com/dcjkb2
bed time....think im getting sick...no fun 
@shotdown but why would they even care about my updates. they never have before 
@happymonkeyshoe I ordered two; one to cover the cost of shipping! Infernal Customs charge to boot! 
@macmuso theatre's fantastic like that! I hope to be able to see it (though i may not be able to afford it  )
Good Morning! It's a nice morning for taking nature pics, but unfortunately, I've got laundry to do. 
i made it (Y) @amazingphoebe it isn't my fault 
@holytshirt Yup, it's still Sunday and I'm in the office.  The lack of tweets and  attendance at community events is due to work overload 
lil wayne on the edgeee yussssssssss going to play some guitar hero, unfortunately no lil wayne on there 
moodswings again  Gladys is feeling so down.
@amazingphoebe nothing, it doesn't matter  i love you 
@yoitsandrea how come your body doesn't hurt as much as mine does.  You're unfair ))))
2morrow back in school.  so today I'm gonna be soooo lazy and i will enjoy 
@fair_awesome I don't have you though 
is very, very, very, very, infinately jealous of @emmielovegood.  lol
@theroundup Alas didn't get to it today. Our apartment doesn't really have enough space for them unfortunately 
I don't want to go to work on a sunny day like this 
yay! emmalicious was taken  so...how do i change my picture? it won't let me
A member of our choir passed away yesterday. I visited him in the hospital Thurs, he looked fantastic. Death came anyway. 
@Tittch Negatory, to that. Oh well, we'll just have to eagerly await publication of said photo. 
Jealous of everyone seeing tbs tonight. So jealous  ;___;
@katehughes That's very motivational but unfortunately I'm going to be stuck at a computer for most of the day 
Im happy coz i just got twiiter and finally figured it out but im shattered that i have school tomorrow 
@ddlovato Are you in Madrid now? OMG! haha you are so tired  go to sleep and have fun in Spain!
@amazingphoebe i don't know yet phoebe, i'll ask mum soon, i guess 
another awesome weekend coming to a close.. 
Bleh I feel so emo right now I don't even want tot talk about it. 
luvin the weather bt annoyed that im stuck in revising  booo! x
Is feeling very unloved on facebook...only 2 people have wished me a happy bday  *sad* xx
enjoyed the Chinese F1 good race, decent result.  No winnings tho 
Right... getting set for back to work 2moro.... ugh!  so that basically means ironing for england   Happy sunday!
Lunch stop and enjoying the brilliant hot sunshine 
@amazingphoebe if that's what you want to believe, then be my guest 
Happy bicycle day! so devo'd didnt get on it 
Is Happy. School Tomorrow Tho 
Enjoyed last night. Have mega loads of work to do today 
@NikkiMK I stuck around.  Did you mean @cmykdorothy who left? It was good to see you all, even if only briefly!
The Interweb - Infinite Vastness of Half-assed Features! Unfortunately, accomplished workmanship &amp; perfection are rare  What do you think?
got work to do! no such a happy sunday after all! 
@joeymcintyre How did your new song go down hun? . Sounds cool . Id love to have heard it, but unfortunately couldnt be there to do so  xx
Hello twitterers! It's a lovely sunny day, but due to still being floored by a horrendous cold I shall be spending the day under a quilt 
@amazingphoebe you're right, it doesn't matter  will do (Y)
i cant believe theyd do that. thats five months of hard work and labour and no enjoyment whatsoever. all thrown away.  i need a hug!
In a starbucks off times square. Going to find a diner for breakfast. Bad thing about the US is they put calorific content on all menus 
@robfmac - I cant enjoy it, I know that School starts again tomorrow 
@davidcushman always greed. i have deisel so even higher 
@kath_o_the_leen - would be good but their lead singer ruled out more gigs a while back unfortunately 
@amazingphoebe it is until you actually start believing me again 
Fed up upset and don't feel well 
you know Monnie's upset when she ignores the raid and start abusing people on MySpace. Someone make me happy 
It's going to be a uper busy day! Hosting a family event at my house- looks like rain  Afterwards practice set-up for craft show!
@HappySinger I don't think it's appropriate... I'm sorry, I can't use it. 
Steven leaves today!..sad 
@j3nnag Hmmm...JEALOUS!!!! haha Please consume at least one zootenburger on my behalf 
havent gone to sleep yet  got back from my 2 hour walk and not even tired
Goodmorning twitters! And no I'm not happy to be up right now 
2000 words done for IBA, only 1000 to go! woo! It's so sunny today in Glasgow also! too bad im workin 3-7 
says not even one in my phPlurk succeeded.   http://plurk.com/p/ozdmi
@lauraaaaah omg you got glasses from america! no fair 
Now back 2 our regular program service - Sunday get ready fro the workweek!   last night was FUN!  Can't wait until next weekend
@Trinkett there I was trying to prevent people beating each other... I thought we were gonna win, but we just let it slip away 
Kimi looks like he has much more fun at races than me     http://ow.ly/3eVk
grrr day 2 of back spasms... no fun 
Scribus is acting weird again. Created A5 booklet, but PDF export gives me some very funky page size and placement/trimming. 
Only problem was lack of sauce The sauce is awesome, but not enough 
I am in Kerkyra but seriously mizzzzz Cyprus  &lt;3 lolz I wanna go back even though they have Prada here... &lt;3
It's a gloriously sunny day but I'll have to stay indoors, 2 crafty projects which must be completed today 
@naomi_faith mmm hmm I still haven't got mine... No fun 
@hannah106  i lvoe them last time  in Newport even thought danny couldn't say newport:L
@saragarth no fuck mary, she dont do naughtys as she is the virgin mary so ya no  no fun there  but shhh didnt say tht haha
@MadBrad i dont even have any grows here in lake county yet   , the first time in like 11 years now i dont have anything growing by 4/20
UGH...now she wants to go out. She must be feeling better. Eye still looks funky, hope it clears up  later geeks
Beautiful warm, bright sunny spring Sunday here in Devon; birds singing &amp; butterlies fluttering. Back to work 2morrow after Easter break 
@rickyhorror Super jealous. Still haven't seen season 2 
im fair sick,,,just so ye know 
little energy for blippers working on this sunny sunday (like me  ) ? http://blip.fm/~4kulb
@vicodin_martini jealous that you get to watch tv 
sitting studying for my exams  thts all life seems to be about at the moment BUT im finding my way to have sum fun inbetween ;)
Is off to work! How not cool! Its too sunny outside to work! 
Doign school work for the last 2hours..not fun! i HATE math 
@jeffpulver sayin' &quot;hi&quot;. Still upset I missed your Dec. 2008 b'fast in TelAviv  Question - any &quot;live&quot; feeds from media140 in London?
Scarborough fair was so much fun!  Now I'm back to housework...  
Am bk in Uni 2mora  deadline rs arriving n times flying by i wish everything wud slow down so i can enjoy the time lft xxx
@feeee yeah I heard his stuff is killer!! Bretts tattoos are amazing. But won't be hitting Perth anytime soon 
@helenaanneh i know!! the more i see them, the more upset i get 
@mayawesome Same.  WORD IS LOADING
researching for this fantastic assignment 
@CosmicMother There are 5of us and the single has already been released and funds are already going to NSPCC.   Just need to a way of ..
@Nicholas698 I'd vote for gladiator, was disappointed by alien 3 
very annoyed that I can't get the fridge water dispenser to work even after changing filter... don't want to call tech as so expensive 
@harrygep Does it even work for you? I have to plug mine in at ALL TIMES 
 gabi i'm still so upset about it
damn everything sucks sometimes. right now i feel unhappy 
Have to do more homework what fun! 
@neilcurry is it sunny there? I still have 7 and a half hours of work to go 
London a nightmare yesterday,but fantastic Darwin exhibition.  Not ever taking a wheelchair in to London, again -lots of ignorant souls. 
well didn't get my two papers done, not even one paper but now i am heading into work for like 12 hours   
Now, if I could only add a &quot;teacher&quot; folder for the content of my children's teachers... not happening 
anyone want to help me pick some movies for Netflix movie night? http://tinyurl.com/cdghqp make me happy 
is wishing that he could go to office NOW!! *sigh* at least.. there I find some purpose.. alone and miserable 
I was about to say Leon's set was the best of the whole event ... till he dropped this pop song.  #asot400
Booooo I can't see your photos for some reason  glad to hear you nagas having a good time! Miss u
is stuck at work even though I'd rather be sleeping 
twitter is the only fun social network that's not blocked at work,, yay! hope it doesn't get blocked soon 
What a lovely day we are having! I really want to get out of my room and stop doing coursework to enjoy it!!! 
Not happy - drinking a pint of tea cos I don't have any coffee left 
@raina_roo have fun with mommy raina, my mom is going to work soon too  it was fun pawtying with you! #pussycatisland
@chrisslight aw hun, you really aren't a happy bunny  /cuddle not much longer tho then you get to see Brandy! xxx
@StudioFairy I can't  It says that it's unavailable in my country
@ywii It's sunny here too. Still boring though. My sister has gone to the park without me 
Awesome weekend. Am buggered as shit now. Got so much stuff to catch up on. For now, need sleep so badly. It's weird sleeping alone again 
Got home last night at 1am from night time archery tournament. Wheels came off for most of the kids.  Gotta get back to fundamentals. 
still isn't a happy girly at all 
@hmcd03 my grandmother is in hospital she is dying  really upset bout that... and i start school again tommorow WOOO *im actually excited*
Geez, what a way to say &quot;good morning&quot;  Sorry, Twits. I'm trying to get happy :/
@janeshmane yup till june 4. THIS IS SOO UNFAIR! 
canceling picnic plans on very nice sunny weather 
@lillygurl I am here studying...  Beautiful day here though. And theres a wedding show at the Sheraton (Fairmont) today.
Feels really bad that her partner did all the assignments while she's havin too much fun 
anyone want to help me pick some movies for Netflix movie night? http://tinyurl.com/cdghqp make me happy 
@m_magazine omg i like lovee m ;) bestest mag ever! even tho i live in ireland lol, i went to get it the other day but they were all gone 
is loving the sun but can't enjoy it as he has work to do 
Parent Fail #789 - throwing out used razor blade in bathroom garbage can. Three has an unhappy finger  FAIL
@Anitta_ I'm so far away too, am sad  haha but well! the life is short! fun!
Customs officer did not lol at my Orange You Glad For Change Cola 
@gemsam RE: star trek - yes that is so uinfair  i agree
Happy from go karting yesterday but normal school routine starts tomorrow. 
STUCK!! my old P3 refuses to install WinXp on it since yesterday evening, and I haven't got a USB to Parallel converter 
@dollforlife Yeah,unfortunately  -.-
@Jaydenxb we have the exact opposite here in SA... winter's on it's way  Enjoyt the sunshine.
@HoneyBeeMine We missed SYTYCD. At a dance event all afternoon and evening 
I think my Sheese has gone off - funny taste.  Not happy 
@lisahjelm Joker. I must say that your updates are amusing. I'm on my way to lawschool on a sunny sunday afternoon 
Time to get off the computer and go to bed and read my book. Had a headache all weekend  Work tomorrow. Fortunately I like my job.
@smeyen cu on tuesday #jax09, unfortunelately I cannot attend the monday evening speaker event  ekke
she is kinda upset tho that the deer have been eating off her tulip tops...  sorry mommy.. breakfast was great tho!!!
@LITTLEWINDMILL Whose funeral? 
@xoxo_sam sam,. sori if u got upset last time we talked.. oh i mean the last time we chat sa may ym.  peace out! ILY&amp;&amp;IMY!
Last day of Easter holls and its really sunny and I have to spend it doing work I shouldve already done 
ACK! i woke up to no electric.   and here i am in a creative mood. figures and cant even turn the computer on. too dark in this house.
@hollieleanne @PrincessAymi @AmyleeEdith i go away to clean my house and do dishes, and i come back to being called a fairy! 
Bollocks. Screw you, #Spurs. Even though it is our fault as always. Hello #Championship.  #nufc
I so need to find another Hard Drive with a 9pin port  getting desperate - can't buy one - would get shot - oh well - fingers crossed
@emoltzen Spent my tax refund on catching up on my CCs.  I was really wanting some new shoes!
too much work. phone borked. very very upset.  don't really have any will anymore.
is heading to Hebrew School for a spiritual death match: soccer vs. Shabbos. Like Shabbos even has a chance? 
volunteering at the fun run today. i want more sleep 
work all day! yay me! sundays are not fundays for me 
BBQ today...? BRILLIANT.  Nawwwt. I may need some alcohol.
dist-upgrade of UML debian etch to lenny fails. Something goes wrong when dpkg is trying to upgrade libc6. Seems to be UML related..  
It is 7 am on my day off and I am awake! Seriously!? I don't even wake up this early when I work! 
@bnarayan1511 indeed very awesome, and yet I'm finding it almost time to detox from trance  #asot400
really irritated that i can't sleep longer 
@izzy1290 Don't you dare laugh at me Izzyboy! It's not funny  Waking up early is a bitch lol
thinkin...would it even matter if he knew?   probably not.  
@michalabanas Aww Michala no reply.  You're such an amazing person! 
@themike5 Told you you'd get frustrated sitting on the sideline... Sucks to be you 
had a awesome time at the beach but is now suffering from the sun burns 
@emoltzen Spent my tax refund on catching up on my CCs.  I was really wanting some new shoes!
Back home  , from one of the best holidays ever!!! ...Brilliant weather until yesterday afternoon..Now to sort things out!!!
I feel annoyed... sigh.... 
@artywah Wooo soup day! Unfortunately, no photos of mine 
Working on a sunny Sunday 
What the f###king shit he plays? That's awful...   Intro was brilliant and wtf happend now?? #ASOT400
I'm locked in unfortunately!  lol
@sunnyv27 welcome to twitter .......... ur  right it too much noice (bhasad ??)  over here 
I'm thinking.. (: SCHOOL tomorrow. not fun. 
@stargirl1013 *huggles Vanessa* worst timing and all... I wanted to calm things but I wasn't listened to... 
can't believe she lives right on the beach, with abosloutely wonderful weather but she chooses to revise  god damn education
enjoying my last day of break-sorda. back to being a teacher in the morning 
Wedding we shot yesterday made me miss my sorority days. I don't even think I know the Pi Phi wedding song. Only 2 sisters are coming. 
@BeanLavigne And a good morning to you! I hope you enjoyed your caffeine kick - I did with mine  so awake! What should I watch? Any ideas?
Clear, sunny, lgast day Breck is open and I have to work. 
No piggies though - Alfie v upset and thinks they have been made into bacon   http://twitpic.com/3ld0p
I was trying to find a real picture of me to put on here, but I am hopeless  no good pictures........ *sighs unhappily*
@amazingphoebe mmmh, we sounded a bit like that the yesterday :/ 
going to play softball yeah but we lost yesterday  so im upset because were in the silver bracket
feels stir-crazy today.  Must be the gloomy weather.   Hopefully getting the tomatoes and peppers seeded will make me feel more &quot;springy&quot;.
interview for foundation art tomorrow ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Needs a job in leeds desperately 
annoyed with the net! bandwidth exploded so now everything is slower than a snail with legs. 
@Jennymac22 dunno but it so not good  wish i new who it was tho, as come on they dont even no me, haha
Doing coursework  .. Its sunny and I want to be outside! .. I hate school ..
@paddyrules home is mums house lol hm maddens could be a plan, am actually stone cold broke atm tho not even sure i could afford door fee 
@sitkacreations I wish - at work   Such a pretty day for a beach walk after brunch - enjoy your day!
@ComedyQueen i no, well it aint a mean thing as i no i am a twat, but they dont even no me, so how do they no i am a twat haha 
Would you travel to your grandmother's funeral if you would be leaving your spouse &amp; sick child for 2 days? Not sure what to do. 
@aristeia It looked so painful  but apparently he felt better immediately, he could even walk without crutches.
@djJealous I know, and I made a lot of it 
Sitting in the sun and try to learn for &quot;Organisationsentwicklung&quot;..It's an absolutely dry stuff  But what's an amazing april this year..
@gabrielsaporta http://twitpic.com/3k1m1 - That is fan-fucking-tastic! Not about the show though.  Even I get sad 'cause of that.
@Vintage_Twit why would it overheat? it's not on all the time, used in evenings mainly apart from job applications. can't be fixed? 
Hyperextended knee playing basketball... not so fun 
@Wossy I'm sorry, Jonathan, but I can't even pronounce your lunch. How do you pronounce it?  
miserable...atleast my tempwent from 101.3 to 99.9....so much for enjoying the weekend!  
Long weekend without tweeting  been busy repainting every room in the house! At least the wife is happy!
is not happy about the rain. 
Oy vey. Stick a fork in me, I'm done, and its not even 10 a.m. yet... work till 4:30 w-ho-rah! 
Need to sleep, school tomorrow &gt;.&lt;&quot; Goodnight world.. even though most people mustn't see this. How sad of me to ramble on like so  &lt;3!x
is inside working while wife &amp; kids have fun in the sun 
@JerryBroughton Hmmmm....Don't like that quote. Spend half my life discussing events  love Eleanor but think shes wrong here.
My that's early.  I wish I enjoyed mornings more. So much more of a night person so stay up too late and still forced to get up in the AM.
@kmaf i know and i even think i know that the guys are spelled like &quot;Figlarski&quot;, right?  or am i wrong? 
I had a pizza with stoopid amts of Italian sausage on it at the Windsor - its made me go all funnee in my tummy 
finishing a Macbeth essay for english!!   not fun lol
Lost to the scum, depressed now 
awesome day at the beach! 20+ baptisms... great fellowship... garbage can drums... pijja hut... all in one day! only bad was arsenal lost 
Went all out making awesome PDFs for a tutorial. Can't upload to site. Thinking I may have to abandon cool PDFs 
Rain Again            Rain has destroyed even the 12-12 
Jus woke up an I feel 4 sum affection not even sex really jus sum spoonin an cuddlin an sweet kisses murrrr I don't like dis feelin 
@sheldongoh unfortunately no. The dog is offcially lost. 
Oh, the joys of living next to a war zone.  @ Home
Had a good dinner &amp; enjoyable time out tonight. Piling up on the soul food; it's gonna be another trying week of examinations 
Poor communication... Not riding today.. Couldn't be more upset  this weekend is not making me happy
I'm thinking that the world is soooo unfair... and I'm sure some of you think the same as me 
is going to have to work hard this afternoon rather than enjoying the sunshine 
@THFMDA That sounds awesome! It's too cold for me to be eating breakfast on my porch 
A random black cat just came in and peed in my living room  not happy!!
Over the weekend it was really sunny, but tomorrow the forecast says it's supposed to be 47...CRAP 
@amazingphoebe that made me feel really bad  worse than i already did  i'm sorry 
missing prayer due 2 my dumb alarm clock. not happy 
Happy sumdal twitt-friends. Its very windy and cold down here so no golf today 
@srah_scottydog it would be a wonderful idea if my mum wasn't digging away in the garden...noise noise noise. 
amazingly fun night...I miss nights like that. now back to reality and lots of work. probably gonna be in the lib most of the day 
@TheConeZone Hulu content not available outside the US  can't see your greatest moments
Sun, on a Sunday. Fantastic. Shame I have to work tomorrow 
@BananasMel it's a waste of time cos I lived with someone who never cared of me   how sad even if I don't ask not too much but nothin'
@carrielinn83 i don't even want that thought in my head 
@doggiejoy haha! i think facebook is too polluted with all the apps! 
I'm home! The child started screaming so there was no fun filled alcohol fuelled afternoon for the lala 
Actually, that's not totally fair, with a Windows license it's more like 2k. Wish Apple made a mid-range monitor-less system 
he looks angry!!  http://bit.ly/1akI7V haha he was really sick  and still feelin' &quot;punchie&quot;
the thought of school is making me depressed!  where the heck is marvin?? :o 3 days THREEE
Hmmm, not to self, don't repost anything from failblog, it seemed to offend A LOT of people! It wasn't even rude 
I am not happy doing work when it is so warm outside 
Up and blessed, trying to kickstart all these ideas through this sinus headache. 
veryy upset .. not likinq the sinqul life 
@raylol16 so what if ur friend is feeling her too- how is she supposed to know which one to choose?  Don't be jealous-not attractive dear 
loves the layouts on colorarmy.com... time to enjoy the delicious breakfast Henry made...todays the day 
@jasonadriaan unfortunately piracy is part of our lives online... 
@Don_J its really sunny here 2day... and i cant even go anywhere 
@JamesPatronNL Enjoying the final hours of ASOT 400  #asot400
Sunday is not fun day when you gotta work 
it's been seven days and the latest #vconqr update (1.3.1) has yet to go live 
yeah me to  #ASOT400 but i engjoy what's reamaining of this marathon #asot400
my dear MickyInTheSky even if i know yo nick i cant find u i dont no why! waiting 4 u to find me 
is livid.... why the hell do i give people the benefit of the doubt when they just go and do it anyways!!! grrrrrrr 
Working out then tanning. It seems a tad gloomy today. 
@whoissuresh not  fair i was  with family i did not  get a chance to  get the cd  yet 
@abbeman93 death is unfair 
i had planned on giving my tourney updates, but im busto after level 2.  i feel violated.  prob my weirdest main event experience ever!  
I'm still sick. So miserable 
@timlovejoy Come on lovejoy predict the score for 2day?  i want Everton to win dont want Utd to win everything  2-1 Toffees
desperately needs to download popular 
Not ready to leave Charlottesville.  This place is wonderful!
and Delhi Daredevils finish it with a SIX #IPL ...Preity's face does not look too happy 
@dannywood Hate I can't make any summer shows yet. None close by.   But so glad to see you on Twitter!
PMT strikes again I'm too miserable to party so gave it a miss 
@dhewlett Sorry I missed it, but Happy Birthday, David! I was rather ill yesterday 
Miley haters are being mean to me 
After an extremely fun Saturday, up for a bagel and to send @cclear44 back to the airport 
@Swordstress he's abwering other calls in south fort worth and fairmount!  
did not enjoy his night of cramming' 
Driving Alex to the airport  Then back to work to finish my reports and then I need to clean my house and dvr out!  Sun fun, yippee!
Just got home from the laguna trip. Am dead tired. But I had fun. Didn't tan tho 
Awake, kinda... Still laying in bed. Last day of the weekend  summer is coming, soooo excited! Love is the movement, believe.
@kalore9 I'm so glad! I wish I could have made it to CT for the shower 
@yenyad I'm not. Like you I am frustrated, but not surprised.  
Missing Church today... I Hate Being Sick  Listening to Day 26's Forever in a day! It's awesome!
can't sleep, is too tired 2 read, doesn't want 2 watch TV &amp; doesn't want to look at anything online. Insomnia is hardly ever fun anymore. 
@Wahnbriefe It's really cold even though it's sunny!  No fair.
Really sad that the siblings are leaving and I only got to see them for a couple of hours  but I am glad that I did get to see them!
@LeahRuth aww bb that's not fun  if it helps i totally had one this weekend, woo yay ;)
wonders why am i still sleepy even after a 3 hours nap...?   http://plurk.com/p/p0eat
Not happy that ive been at work for two hours already  Devin tired. 
@screweduptexan I grew some one year in a sunny spot but they never came back  might give them another try
there's a girl sleeping in my bed preventing me from playing Ninja Blade 
Oh dear, there is that Sunday evening feeling - work tomorrow 
cant read new moon for 27 days as i'm getting it for a birthday present  not happy
@loumacuser You mean like when AOLers first got on USENET back in the 90s... Yeah, that was fun 
It's actually sunny!! :O Yay! I don't wanna go back to school tomorrow!!!! 
everyone is not as active on twitter as they used to be. not even miley 
@TokyoDriftMovie Oh really?It is the warehouse?How cool is that? just love the movie. It's so awesome.Wish I had only one car of these 
@simoncurtis  i wanna be there so bad! I love that place even tho ive nvr been! Ive been to san diego &amp; i luvd it. So warm &amp; eventful!
I killed a rabbit. Not in a malicious way. It ran infront of my car. WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO? 
Paperwork proved no match for me!  Can now enjoy the rest of the day -  no, wait... ironing!  
Talking with my mom in Curacao!! it's not fair she's in the sun and I'm in the cold  lol
@SaraaRC all of them were great, isnt it? what an amazing show, they should play it again! i miss it so much! 
I am *so sorry* to those party guests of ours who had to wait several hours for me to arrive, and then I was too tired to be any fun 
registering for class just makes me depressed  but @kaityb i am soo excited for tomorrow!!
can't really trust weather forecast, it's sunny but we've canceled Bear Mt trip 
@MochaMom365 Thank you very much for the follow friday! Hope you're having an awesome Sunday! Its pouring down rain here 
@PoynterPerve I'm only on the green ones as most of the people I chat to are on there, I'm year 12 so AS Levels. fun not. 
@driis: I am enjoying your online radio, great AM music, ps just finished s.3 of the wire last night and watched you die 
Visit to Leicester over   Had fun watching filming of zombies invading the city streets. An early morning surprise for residents. 7.00am!!
@conniecrosby and unfortunately you won't be able to do the upgrade from the train 
is enjoyin the nice weather, shame i'm in work 
@nicholasmegalis I'm an oldschool Joker fan even before Heath Ledger, God rest his soul. 
@Sankofa52 all that was the shit...no1s funny lik that anymore 
@KevinSpacey sounds awesome! Wish I could seem them   you coming to the UK anytime in the near future?
Finally exporting the amazing video I made for my friend. Not going up on youtube though 
enjoyed last night, shame it had to end  now back to reality !
Going to see the Yankees today.  Hopefully they'll do better than their 22-4 loss yesterday!   Eager to see the new stadium.
It's sunny and I want to be outside but can't, for two reasons: 1.) I have to work on my assignment. 2.) It's freezing cold outside 
Not happy with twitter. I can't see the public tweets anymore.  
Hehehe. I am gonna enjoy my last hour up! And then sleep for tomorrow 
I hate hitting the &quot;funny bone'' Pain squared... Then right after that I hit the BBB 
Beautiful day! working on financial aid stuff and fundraising letters. I have to work tonight though 
@KeithandComps Even more bummed now that I couldn't make it 
@samantharonson ..I hope that you have not been offended with me.it was only a joke.. 
Seems, as usual, I missed quite a bit last nite....D doesn't seem happy 
@somegirlsays is highly unfair for poverty-stricken fans 
@MalcolmnHouston I'm good, happy. Don't need lots of folks 2 follow/follow me. Looking at houses today. Condo I am renting, foreclosure.  
Wow... I figured that at 11am on a Sunday at least one study room would be open in the Link, but nooope. Not even one of the booths! 
I am seriously feeling like shizz tonight. I'm freezing even though its really hot inside. A cough, colds, sore throat. Fever maybe? 
@alwaysmommy I'm jealous! Its raining and gloomy here, so we have to stay indoors. 
http://twitpic.com/3li79 - i took ALL of these down today  there are even more on other walls!
@BlueEyedBex Yesterday was perfectly wonderful - today it's cold 
@AlanColon always - but can't as we discussed.    have fun.
@Raybeauty222 word!!! That's not fair! I want that job too!!  Tell Monica hook me up
theres no way i can go to the invisible children rally. too short notice and all that shit. i am now upset 
Good morning world! a hot and sunny day in socal and I am indoors slaving away 
@thestapeliaco glad you liked the link. i'd love to get an original of one like that, but none are available. 
phew, back from Spring Harvest *sadface* and lots of work to do  still, Dweeb were awesomely rad! \m/
Yummy. Chocolate Rasberry Truffle coffee this morning. Enjoy the rest of your weekend friends. I think my son's game will be cancelled 
Sittin Here Watchin My Sisters Get Ready To Have Fun 
Stuck indoors doing college work  Enjoy the sun people
@MartyBTV aww thanx !! Morning!! I couldn't even sleep in today  I have rehersal for a show I'm modeling in, and fittin wit a designer
spending a lovely sunny afternoon sitting inside reading about Augustan building programmes.......... 
Eight oclock is way to early for a weekend wake up. Renaissance Faire today!! Minus the Bono 
yesterday was waaaay too much fun! now my legs and arms are killing me 
is seriously disgusted... why are some people such arrogant bitches?   sunday = cleaning. 
Final score: 20- 19..... To him.  can't  even say I let him win. I didn't. Just lack of stamina.
projects, then work. No french quarter fest  no shows  no fun. I thought being a senior as supposed to be better than this....
Shockwave was in such good shape. I even got to transform it. 
Hangover...  But nice party this night. Lost Noack and Ms. Smith there, but had fun anyways..
@zeashanashraf dude yea the background looks brilliant .. nd sorry I didnt go for the gig nd I feel bad for it till date !! 
had a lazy day in the sunshine, feeling happy, but wondering why miley didnt accept on myspace 
Ugh. Lots to do today. French, Math, line up next semester classes, organize a presentation for Mon, 5 page paper for Tues. But no fun? 
Spending the day at the Common Ground studying for Medieval Lit. Woo Hoooooo. Its so sunny out. wahhh 
im so glad i didnt have my hopes up. maybe later or tmr at the latest 
Enjoying a nice beer with the match - Badger's Golden Champion, only got 2 more left. 
Last night I sang Heartbreaker at the Lamplighter by myself. I miss Jenny already and she hasn't even moved. 
i have to back to school tomorrow  ... not good! bowling is awesome! lol
is upset that she cant find a pair of sexy cut-out sandal boots anywhere 
Im not even up yet and my day is gone...well at least i get to see them hawks tonight jus hope it dont rain 
Wow didn't realize I had dial-up again! I may even wait to do it tonight or tomorrow if it keeps going this slow. Might even call in! 
is getting more and more frustrated with the rugby!!  boo hoo
@ejnny I feel like I don't even KNOW you any more 
Now that I'm showered and more awake I am more cheerful! Only two more meetings before I leave 
REALLY WANTED CREPES frm Crepe Cellar after a night @ Evening Muse..but a 45 min wait @11pm jst was not happenin..so Taco Bell had 2 do 
ohhh.... I had a amazing dream.... holy crap!! It seemed real! Me and Eminem why did I have to wake up? 
@jonsItalianbeau i'm the FACE TIME QUEEN! LMAO it's not even breaking balls cause they get hit up with sooooo many messages! 
@snake66 having a good day but spoiled by the fact I am working tonight  should be outside enjoying sunshine but inside watching fa cup.
I unfortunately can't seem to gain any more than 32 
but, i saw some awesome pairs on the internet that i missed in the store yesterday!! 
Home now and miserable. New York was amazing! Back to work tomorrow 
@gnimsh i'm sorry. just think you won't have any school work in 3 wks!  it's such a gloomy day in chicago.   won't be sunny/warm till wed
i can't even escape him in my sleep. i keep having wonderful dreams about him. 
@QandQ #qgoogle  Yeah, many times! Not satisfied with the results though 
@katesmudges Thanks! Herb butter does amazing things to grilled fish. The coldframe lettuce started to turn bitter after one warm day 
is finnishing his history coursework while it is very nice and sunny outside 
@drealoveslife i miss you already! so sad that i didn't see you after the show anymore.  it was amazing, how close to the stage were you?
@newbornskyfire its amazing i just cant watch it without being a blubbering imbosile, you ok? my msn clocked out on me again last night 
Happy Greek Easter!  Wish I was celebrating with the fam 
This rain isn't fun. If I go out, my fur will get all wet 
i am heartbroken and now i have lost the love of my life  i cant believe this even happened
@DreamRiverdgns That makes things miserable. 
woa!!! i just listend to Jennette McCurdy sing with just an acoustic guitar and WOW!!! shes amazing!!! jezz i wish i could sing 
Annoyed I forgot diet coke and skips! Should have taken advantage when it was there 
@samm_xo same, shes amazing! i really wanted to see her at wembley with jonas, but i cant!  x
@paganwandererlu Bradford has a handsome list of musical stars. Smokie, Black Lace, Kiki Dee and Terrorvision. I'm so, so, so proud 
@natalidelconte Wow it looks awesome. Wish Glasgow had somewhere like that 
expressio study-o est exclusion funnio 
just went to church. with madi. genna left.  happy sunday!
looking forward to Cardif on Tuesday for my first WWE event! Trying to get info on who may be appearing but no luck so far 
@natalidelconte Wow it looks awesome. Wish Glasgow had something like that  Can you try and talk them in to a European expansion? ;-)
Aargh! In bed all day on hottest day so far. Why dizzy and sick? No fair 
Off to work. Wish I could listen til the end.  You are all so lucky. Have fun!!! #asot400
@stephenpglenn @Dalevich thanks for the room service suggestions but unfortunately the hotel didn't offer that service!  #f1
@billbeckett i wish i was in manchester right now, work is so not fair 
so much fun at the wedding!  the dj played Unforgettable *they played it at grammas wake* jon and i danced to it while i cried 
so she's having surgery and chris is really upset   will keep you updated though and talk to you next week..love you xx
@timberwolf123 so she's having surgery and chris is really upset  will keep you updated though and talk to you next week..love you xx
@perezhilton maybe you could help....even though im not a celebrity 
I don't have steady arms  http://dailybooth.com/karlchyeahh/223636
It's sunny ... Bu i'm bored 
@lovebugstudios Oh I've heard about Little Dorrit! Unfortunately my local PBS station has not digitally converted so I can't see it. 
friend had me get NHL 3v3 on my PS3, but it only incites rage in me when I can't even win on easy 
@icecreamcoke yes! I'll try meet demi! but it's difficult  if I meet demi, I'll be the girl most happy in Spain!
trying to get my warm weather clothes out even though it's still not QUTE WARM!!   Can't wait til my finger is back to normal too 
@phantom_roxs Aww!  Well I hope you enjoy whatever you're going to be watching.
so sunny! but stuck in the studio again....  where's the justiceeee? xx
Oo good desperate housewives tonight .. Edie dies though  but a bit of drama never made bad tele.
It'z so sunny outside ....my last day of being 18  xx
doing a macbeth essay  its really not any fun lol plus it makes absolutly no sense to me :O
Watching european soccer on my pc. Even through wireless. they run faster than my SLB. 
@Rsltruly When I asked my Mom she started yelling at me  And I'm not even doing anything today, it's fucking gay.
@giannivt oh thanks!!! I am still waiting more replies, miserable followers... 
woooow i just got the email that britney spears is following me, pretty excited about that one...kinda down tho the bf cant chill today 
just got home from church. about to go to la Madeline with madison.  genna had to leave us.  happy sunday!
@HolgerHaase oh dear  I've eaten there loads of times and always enjoyed it except service is slow!
what a crappy day..equally depressing, i'm going to the cemetary. 1st time since the funeral..happy 90th birthday papa 
@SiobhanOliver even further when I can't swim!! 
Perugia was fun back in Roma, and now I miss the minimetro 
A blessed Sunday morning 2 u all.  I didn't make it church this morning 
I can't believe it's Sunday already. I don't wanna go back to work.  Blah.. at least we have all day today. Desperate Housewives is new
urgh bak to school tomorrow  then fun fun 10 hour art exam a week or so later
Worst dream ever so bad i cant even share it 
Ok so we are going out to play in the mud at 1 to finish the round--it will be a 36 hole event 
I have running around to do today but I don't feel like it   getting out will do me some good, LOL, even though I want to be lazy!
@DoubleEdgeSword it hit me before I even went to bed last night! I'm thinking of ways to get out of it 
listenin 2 alica keys no one on vh1......makin me depressed reminds me off my x 
Leshawns funeral in 2 hours  this is going to be a sad day
is finally home again. what a fantastic week. i wanna do it again 
@WarrenWhitlock Thx &amp; Sorry to be missing you at http://lifeclassroom.tv  my schedule didn't jive this time round  Enjoy! #lastmasters
I dreamed of dog training last night... Don't even have a dog right now 
trying to enjoy my last day of spring break...it's back to work tomorrow! 
- Bored , last day of Easter has been ok - feels a bit upset but i dont know why  Arggh  School tomorrra - tht has made me feel even worse
says condolence to the family of ryan fajardo. rest in peace ryan. im so glad naging CAT officer kita. mahal ka ng batch magiting 
Waiting for the person to come see my cat to adopt this morning.  He's a wonderful cat, but w/aging beagle, it's just too much
@BrianNeudorff  Yes, tis a rainy day here in #Chicago! Tought to take after 75 degrees and sunny Saturday! Today it's 55 degrees. 
officially a member of NMBC! Unfortunately I won't be there again until Sept 
watched fantastic four film earlier with kids, was rubbish 
dropped her camera outside last nite and didnt know it was missin till this mornin..glad i have insurance on it...its soaked 
re-decorating my room then seventeen again school tomorrow 
On duty from 12-6pm in Hunt, then 7:30pm-2:30am in BBR... not fun. 
Last update retracted - I was too happy to think of that piece of shit author being sued to remember to check for a source. It's made up 
@slouchy You have every right to be livid. Sorry.  
Really fed up of orange sluts coming into work, ordering 1 can of coke between like 8 of them and hogging my sunny tables 
@bennehton Which is too bad, cus he's an awesome fighter. But it may be time to retire. 
@JoyVBehar  My Mom did the Times crossword every day in ink! Sposed to keep you mentally agile...too bad the demetia didn't take heed! 
@kul7ure Hard times my friend.  Finding funding for our non-profit is like pulling teeth!  
@heidimontag ahhh! i have alot of stupid science hmwk!  i cant go outside to enjoy the beautiful day with my friends!
@Crinklebum @monstersmonkeys not fair. I want to come! 
has the worst headache in the world, ugh, but has to do homework, wonderful 
@JonathanRKnight sorry my sister Joyfulgrl13 spelled ur middle name wrong  shes just tryin to talk me up- ha
Had a really tiring weekend- and back to school tomoz...fun times 
@MsAwesome i feel so bad!  Damn traffic!!
I just had a huge fight with my mom   now she won't even talk to me 
@victoriax3jonas I don't even have a beach..we have a dirty lake but no beaches here...bitches, yes, beaches, no 
@djjaycee some of us have never even been on a plane...  be thankful!
seriously cant do a single thing  monoply is not worth unefficency  im very annoyed about this
organising clothes for college etc tonight   argh it make's me depressed..
waiting here in the Long Beach Airport, going home soon  I could stay another week or so... Bye Sunny California, will miss you!
Joy. Server go boom on a sunday. 
@lindyasimus It's also very negative but then again, nicotine is addictive 
Now at the airport - only 3hrs until the flight   No fun getting here early, but always worry about getting here late...
Not having any fun organizing spring clothing for the kids 
@awesomeanaii omg, i'm sorry 
Animal emergency rooms are not a fun way to spend a Sunday morning 
doesn't enjoy Twitter...it's mighty confusing! And I have no friends 
Still watching poker even though Jennifer Tilly &amp; Clonie Gowan were knocked out of it  At least Jenn Harman &amp; Annie Duke are still in it.
Going to attempt to make the most of the rest of the weekend. Sick wife no fun. 
that quote makes me think about my miserable starbucks strategy project 
Returned from Portugal. Had so much fun! Too bad I got a flu 
Had wonderful weekend in the Coswolds.  Food fantastic.  Sadly hit deer on way home.  Dead deer &amp; car probably a right off   
@platypus_fox i'm jealous. I had to get up early and work my ass off on a project for school 
@tommcfly i saw that last night!! than belly dancer man was so funny lol! i'm losing followers 
I am awake. But everyone is sleeping  no fair.
have to finish a weeks worth of missed school all today. unfortunately that means writing 5 essays... what a joy 
had clear the pic!!! i was so angry, because it was a really good one.  i'm so sorryy
I did'nt fall off the horse, but I have an incredible back-pain  I cant't move guys...
Someone's burning something nearby. It smells amazing. Like when you blow out a candle or a match. I'm weird. 
oh what a fun weekend..... but now it's time to work 
AMAZING NIGHT! Too bad it had to end 
This is annoying. I'm going to wash my hair. That will be a pain too only cuz half of its relaxed &amp; the other is natural 
@aimee_sams glad 2 hear ur not out enjoyin the weathr !!!!!!!good up here in north wales ring u in the wk gt 2 gt stuff sortd 4 tomoz  xx
Sunday evenings don't get much better than this!  Ironing all my work shirts whilst it's a glorious evening outside 
chatting with friends,listen to music.Morgen school begins  But i'm a bit happy cause i see all my friends again 
@delightful9 but tegan is in victoria right now! Its a fact! (and also i am super jealous you guys are having fun while i have to work 
@kikidc OOoOoooOoo! I don't think I've ever had a funnel cake before! But we had icky biscuits and gravy for brunch... 
I'm sad I won't get to see my shadow and gloss on my bday! Blush and lipstick? AWESOME but incomplete 
@4boys4now@lizstlawrence I give Seven Pounds a thumbs down  I had much higher expectations.
@Beckyy_M  not good. It rains a lot in Leeds, but today its been really sunny.
nothing says good morning like your voice being MIA.. oh work's gonna be SO much fun today... 
Stuck in Phoenix, Arizona until the gods of flight deem me worthy enough to leave this place. I don't even think there's free internet 
@jtrumpio JEALOUS!  My coffee maker was dirty from yesterday...so I didn't get my fix. 
@THEcamacho  omg yes I remember her telling me that you came now smh ........ glad you didn't PAY then haha
ugh... working for my parents= not fun 
@Klutz315  see now or gonna make me miss you even more. You know I always have your back no matter what
@hilsa Peabody's awesome!  The two years have gone by too quickly   Are you ready to leave PV?
is annoyed and sad. Even chocolate cake isn't changing that. 
@natalietran Whattttt? What dose that even mean? People are so mean to you. 
is not so happy spring break is already just about over.  
is at work because he didn't read an email E2E and there was an action item for him  ... I'll miss this sunny day 
@sidepodcast @mrschristine for some reason i cant post any messages on dd, lclt, doohickey, even old comments... help? 
@JohnChow enjoy your beautiful day off. You deserve it.  Mine is rainy  I probably deserve it. LOL
@mayawesome Hmm. Sometimes. Depends what subject in Chem. But Chemistry comes under Science. I hate Science. Im awful at it 
So I went to the mall yesterday.But we just watched a movie.I wished we stayed longer.It wasn't that much fun. 
Going to the library to finish massive amounts of work.  Being productive now will allow me to enjoy finals week... as I say goodbye. 
Is violently throwing up! Kinda freaked out since I didn't even go out last night  or have one sip of alcohol!! 
Think I pissed off god this week - there's pretty much everyone I don't wanna see in my pub right now! I'm filled with joy!  hehe!
Happy Sunday all! Welcome Game 3! Unfortuately I have a game at same time 2day, so missin all  Go #Canucks Go!
At home.. Bored kinda depressed wondering why can't find someone who wants to be with him 
@jameskellar Wooohoo to you, James!! And, we had a #progrock party here on Friday evening too.... 
@eggfriedrice It's on, it's definitely plugged it, it's definitely USBed up to grover (took it out the hub, even) but XSane won't play 
@SarcasticFairy oh the beach i miss living near a beach,,,, emmmm no haha in fact i didnt get much dont at all over the hols!  did u x
My god! Its a sunny, 80 degree, beautiful day. PERFECT for a picnic in the park! Im stuck indoors  i got the short end of the stick 
@funkymonk1 no, i've never been abroad... 
@TimMothE  Hope the plumber wasn't that cool. Really glad he's gone.
@SrKaR etheir can i heehee im soooo excited!oh stop i didn get much if any done, tomor the real work begins  xx
@colinmower DB change worked Friday night as up, as did the code copy ....unfortunately some MQ issue was stopping end to end testing 
Can the week ahead please be an emotionally stable one? I can't keep up with rehydration after several tear duct malfuntions 
drinkin sbux &amp; enjoying whats left of sunday morning with funny youtube videos before @braxtonmedia has to go to the office 
@melodyejoy wish it was tanning weather here  jelous
HEEEEY new to twitter!!! upset cuz i cab't tell if the people are fake or the real celebrities!!     &lt;3  DON'T FORGET &lt;3
Relaxing and having fun with friends with a few drinks fun, next day if you are not careful not so fun! 
Weather is sooo amazing today and I was stuck in work!  Typical!
until @Libby_alice mentioned it, i hadn't even thought about the fact that I haven't eaten a thing all day. Now I'm hungry. 
@rossautomatica ive not even got r thursday to look forward to this week  x
It looks so nice out. Wish I could go out and enjoy it. 
@phinnia I know   I love reading about extinct species but at the same time it makes me sad. The Carolina parakeet makes me angry.
feeling discouraged today, extremely gloomy in Chi town... 
what a great weekend-i dont want it to end!  love you Blair and Ryan hope you 2 have an amazing honeymoon
@orianthi Wow Ori such dedication.Wish I could hear more, unfortunately I cannot play your songs on my page due to your player settings 
@JoeyDavidson I unfortunately traded mine in   Got $40 for it last month.  Going to rebuy it once it drops in price again.
Back from a lovely day out in Greenwich. Unfortunately our only souvenir was a parking ticket 
THIS DAY THIS DAY THIS DAY...... I SHALL TRY &amp; STAY POSITIVE BUT I HAVE A LOT ON MY PLATE 2DAY! I BARELY EVEN HAVE TIME 2 TWIT! NO FAIR! 
Ugh. Sick. Didnt even go to church today. Sorry jesus. 
@sleepwhenimdead that was fast.. lol. there's already a few people at the mall already and its not even open yet! 
Is not happy. ManU lost in penalties. No FA cup for us this year.   
@followCHRISTINE wish I were there to enjoy dim sum with you   hope it's good!
@damianstweet where were you last night! It was awesome as always! 
i got frighten yesterday night  im embarrassed, now contemplating....but happy that the Rockets won yesterday night! 
@ajafair The Court of the Air is super shitty; I should have warned you, but I did not think there was any point in giving you anti-recs. 
I had fun at shangri- la last night. Too bad Kolby has to go back to FL today 
is upset....prolly gunna be stuck home all day...yay spring break 
@jeanettejoy  Pretty much no response to that one after a lot of replies to &quot;why do you follow?&quot;   odd   
OH AND WHICHEVER DISTRICT IS REHIRING, IMMA GRAB IT.  i sound so desperate.
At work for the third time this weekend.  oh what fun!
Is deply upset over man united's loss  deeply upset
I am going to the mall to get a new fragrance. It better be in stock! I want new shoes too, but I have not seen any awesome sneaks 
melting snow + dogs = muddy dogs and muddy couch and muddy floors and irritated mom  
@meghanwong omg. last year i worked on this day and i couldn't get to the other side of Georgia street to take the bus home  have fun!
7 hours of work followed by room cleaning and my return to school...fun day 
@SARGE_PAULNE  no. Prices are getting higher and i can't afford 60 quid for the train. I'm not happy 
I'm so glad @michaeljnelson refrains from tweeting about politics. I would feel horrible if he did 
had an awesome night last night!! now i get to clean the house! 
Had a good day at the stables!! Just got back .. but have got the biggest head ache ever!!! OMG!! Had it since i left the stables!!  x
I wish there was a blue bottle in LA. It's not fair that only sf has it 
I know! Its such a nice day! And I have nothing fun to do but lots of unfun things to do....  
@lyjahmarie haha i know, i got my bed at 9:00 to watch my tv but i always end up falling asleep   aw god its early where u are, SO UNFAIR!
@VoiceofCritics ok. gonna have to send it tomorrow. my comp went dead 
@LocoForLomo i saw it on the 10th. i kinda rocked my world! but mitchel was only in one scene which made me a little upset 
@happyvince I can figure out the activ8 but other than that - I would never remember the others 
loves dreaming about my daddy but hates waking up from them......Happy Birthday Daddy!!! 
@sageingenue Yeah, those are a no go. He doesn't seem to be interested in the fantastic stories, and we had Sideways...untouched 
fun soccer game today. we shoulda won tho   
I'm hungry and irritated! 
sorry for over-tweeting this evening 
@skinnyjeans Got anything funny to post? I need a pick-me-up 
What a beautiful day in San Diego. Too bad I can't really enjoy it while working 
@ladygaga we'll miss u in germany  have fun in the UK 
@whoahitskaitlen i wanna iphone  no fair
@ladygaga you are amazing! keep up the good work! wish I had tickets to see you in the ukay  have a safe flight xD
@Nicksy I'm sure they won't!  We had a fair bit of rain  , but who cares, we had a great time! I'd love to say its great to be back!
Hmm, dane is super angry at me                                 im sucha doofus.
I'll have to watch Tatort alone  All the fun of watching Tatort is to start discussing who did it and why 2 min into the episode.
Icky and gloomy outside today can't take the kids to go play 
I'm so full ugh. Why is it sunday evening already? 
ok so its so beautiful outside,and im super bummed because i have to work all day,and enjoy the view of sunny cali from a glass building 
Im sooo bummed its so hot out here and I cant even go in the pool because my sister and her husband has let the pool  get ruined!!!  
@binko101   its just a picture lol. i was excited for a video. oh well. hhahha
googled the film`17` that every1 talkin about and got &quot;17 (seventeen) is the natural number following 16 and preceding 18. It is prime.&quot; 
I totally forgot I had to work today  I'll be grateful for the $ later though!
@Cara_x Haha awesome! My primary school had nothing fun  Jelous
Last day of spring break   Heading off to Venice Beach around 2:00, though, which should be fun! 
waiting by the phone isnt fun 
i'm back from ecounter with my best freind laura ... it was really awesome ... miss you by now!!! 
i'm back from encounter with my best freind laura ... it was really awesome ... miss you by now!!! 
I'm officially in a bad mood....I don't enjoy it 
i'm back from encounter with my best friend laura ... it was really awesome ... miss you by now!!! 
@purpaidhliska :L:L:L:L:L is it the same wee fansite, i thought it was really him and i was like :O but it wasnt  unfortunately 
Oh what fun   http://tinyurl.com/czf9jk
Last thing b4 i go to sleep. http://twitpic.com/3lvs1- i'm still not happy. 
@deniserenee24 aw man i'm so sorry.  you'll absolutely be in my thoughts.
considering going to the airport buti dout i can  not fair i wanna leave this place for a while. but juvi in japan is not the place
@jimmycarr I have the same trouble every time I consider going to Scarsborough Fair 
Too hot today   even worse, im stuck at work..
Stuppppppid papers all day long!! Even thought it's going to be 80 
Off to the fair to ride the tilt-o-whirl. Too bad Santana doesn't play there anymore 
@tomwhyte1 I don't want you to leave, much fun chatting with you about &quot;politics&quot; , if you leave, you are a part of the politics 
loved her horse ride - being assaulted by stable boy not much 
i'm afraid my hips will get very sore next morning since i've shaking it non-stop during this epic 400 event  #asot400
@alexa_chung So jealous!!! I would looove a Burberry Trench... course i'd never be able to afford one. 
@TiffanyWysbeek Yep, SweetieBoy.  I've loved four dogs and four cats that eventually died, but it's different when it's your own pet.
@alokinaka oh no  Where on the Big Island are you? I'm on Oahu, and even if we can't see the vog it kept my hubby awake last night :/
just lounging around til lifeguarding. not excited. I wanna see lindi. 
not happy about the last day of Spring Break. 
not to thrilled about going back to Pittsburgh 
Another Beautiful sunny day... and I've got the cold 
@Wossy dude I've had to 'un'follow yr page cos I'm fed up if your forced upbeat chirpy cockney geezer persona. sorry m8 
@dannywood Danny, enjoy your well-deserved break! We miss you and the boys already though! *going into NKOTB withdrawal* 
Watching ASAP on TFC &amp; all the songs r 'bout fire &amp; burnin'. How hot is it truly in the Phils? Oh wait, don't answer that. Me be jealous! 
Sundays are usually not fun. To prove it, I'm spending mine doing homework 
@ddlovato omg, that's Madrid! i wish i was there, i live far from that place  have fun here, demi! love you xxx
Also, found a  robins nest in an old golf bag in the garage, really sweet but unfortunately it feel over and the baby eggs cracked 
@AlgorithmFundFX that's not good 
@dannywood don't wanna burst your bubble to much but enjoy today rain tomorrow 
@saskiawalker poor you! Stinky BBQ fumes are no fun 
And now my dad's shouting, he scares the shit out of me when he's angry 
not happy about United Result 
@UberTwiter I tried that and unfortunately it still does not show the pics 
@MASTomson I know the feeling mate, not felt like I've had a break at all recently... Even though I have, hardly ever feels like it! 
@Tittch Nevertheless you will spurn me in the end. They all do eventually... x x 
Enjoyed a fun/busy day yesterday...now about to start a not-so-fun/busy day filled with school work and studying. 
its so gloomy here 
Why does the BBC toy with the Americans, showing wonderful full episodes of TopGear  available to THEM to watch, not us... 
haha six flags was amazing wanted to go on king da ka but it was closed  other than that awesome two thumbs up!!!!! 
Ugh not excited about flying back to San diego tonight 
@sunii it was some made up store near school. it was awesome, i was clicking it and thinking about you  i'm sorry that it was just a dream
@shaunfrost I will come to the leaving do, I hate being the londoner who always misses out on all the fun 
Flipped my 7 month old mattress to relocate the visible-even-under-sheets concave that had formed... under my butt 
@rockpapershot oh  man so jealous, doesn't unlock for me until Tuesday 
Back and forth. Awesome. Missing most of the Penguins game. Damn... 
@TeamFRSH I'm so jealous. All I have are updates on my phone. 
@Natacha90 jealous! i'm stuck at work 
Yay! Sunny day! Of course I was stuck inside all day in an empty shop. 
@lanieball  Aww, but the ooze seemed so fun! 
Hope everyone is having a nice evening,mine is boring and i can't concentrate 
I feel gypped, everyone is going to Vegas without me   I want to go too, with these people even. -sigh-
@NurseStacy I hope it's a nice day for baseball! It was 75 and sunny here yesterday, but it's gloomy today 
@craftymaddie Unfortunately you'll prob have the last laugh on us all buddy 
Feel upset, that I've missed the hot stuff of the goooood Tennant. 
Fun 35 mi ride this morning, not too windy. Sad to hear F. Schleck crashed but thank goodness he's okay!  Andy finished 10th, next yr...
still in a funk, but need to clean and study for the rest of the day. 
My kitchen is trashed. Very upsetting  [?]
oh.. yeah, Now can't even type heart 
@mariaruizx  i am happy though. cause a part of me is meeting her too.. haha but still soooooooo dgknfdgjrfdsbhrzens frikking jealous
@KimKardashian nice wish I was doing something fun 
@djaaries glad to see u bck online. Sorry to hear what happened  Keep ya head up 
Ugh! Got that horrible sunday evening back to work feeling  made even worse by the fact i have had a week off! Boo!
@xcession That's unfortunate they should have made an option to set the order of the tweets. Looks like we will be switching  from BB
@mona_tweets Ugh, what a PITA. Glad the resto is helping out, but bah on having to wait for the bank to release the funds back. 
@MissBeckala sorry I missed Miss Em's Sunday show!!  Tell her I will catch the next one. Have fun at movie! I LOVE the EM! ;-))
guess I'll go study...still upset I didn't find anything to buy at the mall 
had an amazing weekend!!...bt i fell over n twisted my ankle  its so badly swollen! im just startin to walk agen!
Poe is really annoyed with him, she would usually play with him but now that she is prego she wants nothing to do with him, sad 
i enjoyed last night, except for ginger Viking lady, if only we where 5 minutes earlier ahwell. back to school tomorrow boo hoo 
@michallovemusic Studying is like taking over my life! Ahhh!!! So many exams in May it's actually not even funny! 
@sixtwentyseven I know! Guess I'll have to bring an umbrella 
@_LailaN aww i have been worried bout ya u bak on msn soon god my life is fucked anutie has only days 2 live so upset  txt me soon ly xxx
I was going to go see Seventeen Again with my sister and her friend and now we might not... 
@mileycyrus mimi i cant come to rome even if i live in italy  im soo sad cause I ADORE YOU &amp; i want 2 meet you!! :'(  i think i could cry.
enjoying the last day of holiday....! tomorrow at school! 
Ugh. Sunny days = Allergies for me. Boooo 
Going to Mayfair.  Hopefully I come back with a new purse, wallet, and iPhone charger. Ugh. LOVE spending money I don't have! 
So upset that spring break is like over 
Just saw my first up-close and personal Kindle in use. Even more badass than I expected. I want one. 
is trying to enjoy twitter... 
Another loser: @LilViolet We lost the game 49-19  We were out of training, even so it did well.... http://tinyurl.com/cyzlmj
@Haley_Woods wow i can't believe you didn't take me  lol jks, im not even going to be home when you get home :'(
@#asot400 thanks for everyone for this unique event... Hard to understand that it's over... 
@carthalis yeah   I've only seen (not read) Empire of the Sun, but I read Crash.  He was an amazing author.
@angryboardface no diviners or celebrities follow me... 
@dajooles me tooooooooooooo i feel so bad!   just glad you werent speeding on the highway or nothing!
Bummer.....back to rainy,gloomy and chilly weather.  Looks like at least 3 more days of this...UGH!
I feel depressed now that all of this is over 
evening....work tomorrow 
@jryanking definitely! i love that show, even if the ratings aren't so hot. 
How does my own laugh make me laugh now? But then when I think why it's funny I get sad 
@icegirl818 that sounds amazing! on valentines day, i tried mac and cheese with crab and lobster meat...not so good. 
KKR put a good fight but eventually lose to dc by 8 wickets   
Had a fun nite but a rough morning!  I'm never drinkin again!! hahaha... now time to go watch the Laker game!!!!
@selenagomez I havent even seen it once yet. 
Arrived bck frm vacation in Barbados - 14 nites-wot a bliss! Thought I'll check my work emails - the VPN don't work  Fun already started
@mussomitchel that contest was so awesome to do for your fans!!! i missed it by 20 minutes  rats! oh well im pumped for the next one haha
@Laconic You wrote 'LOL' with a z. That's even worse that without one 
Back at my desk working. Sunny and beautiful day. Don't feel like working tho.    LOL
Ugh.....Later guys. Might as well enjoy my last day before school starts. Feels like 1st day all over again. 
mission: convince mum to let me go to the US. deadline: june '09. motive: Sunshine&lt;3 mood: pessimistic. 
Lol I am unfortunately! 
@therealsavannah I think ur amazing i watch all your you tube videos, shame i am never gonna meet you, cuz i likr in da uk  soundddx ly
Some things are so unfair 
@brittchoi i'm glad you guys had fun. i'm still sick  scramblez is delish!
@shankedge i held my shit just FINE, thank you!! i even cleaned up ryan's mess!! but we are sorry nonetheless 
happy &quot;what-would've-been&quot;...  &lt;/3 
Can't be more excited! Missing everyone 
@calanan You're pretty damn cool yourself. Although you did miss brunch today.  Thanks for hosting last night. It was super fun.
Still w/ headache!!    just tweeting in the meantime. Randomness: I love EZPass, brilliant idea, can't understand why ppl still use cash!
had thee worst sleep last nite :O never sharing a single bed again lmao! im wrecked and stupid skewl 2moro  nt fun...i hate sundays
happy &quot;what-would've-been&quot;...  
Aww my cousins are gone! It's peaceful now...I miss them already 
@selenagomez i haven't even seen it once 
...headed out to the grocery - again... that makes every weekend for about 30 years now.  sigh,... no fun for me.    I HATE the GROCERY.
@selenagomez aw and i havent seen it even once! and you get to see it twice?  oh well, you deserve it, you rock!
got the Sunday evening blues 
@RhodesSpeedShop I bet,, can get expensive  but loads of fun. U running the national? Runner?
@dannywood So jealous!! I am in Chicago at it is 55 and rainy   Hope u enjoy ur time off! Can't wait for summer and I get to meet u guys!
Still a lil bit hungover  awesome bachelorette party though
I am so restless. I am jealous of my bf that is BBQing, and going out. 
extremely tired. it's been a long week. sooooo not excited to go back to work tomarrow.  
Does anyone know of a good laundromat near nathan campus or sunny bank plaza? The washing machine at home is broken. 
just realized i missed new episode me desperate house wives. 
@B_Flip um you are forgetting tiger  nope i don't even remember the last time i talked to him. his birthday is the 23rd.
Omg I have the best boyfriend ever!!!! He took me out on an amazing date and....I love him so much TLA...I miss him so much right now 
argh. bad luck. unstable network 
veeeery tired, listening to sick people last night...didn't get my beaty-sleep..  wishing U all a happy day !! =D
marc cherry made a big mistake killing off edie on desperate housewives...nicolette sheridan...u will be missed 
Very eventful weekend and now extremely sunburned and tired...  I hurt....
muthhaaaa ... my tummy isnt happy 
Not fair we should go into work when it's going to be sunny!! 
i wonder if i should go to bed even though I am 612 tweets short. 
@omalleymj ooh this makes me miss Fluer  http://tinyurl.com/c49rgl fantastic!!!
I am so sore!  hope the weather is nice Monday evening so we can go to the park and walk a few miles.
So glad AJ's fever has gone down. I hate when my kids get sick, feel so bad for them. 
Watching Stan sleep...what fun for me 
I'm worried, wow i feel like i have a boyfriend but i dont which is what makes it even weirder. I hope you're ok 
sooo dreading going back to reality.  i've enjoyed my time off.  i wonder how many e-mails i have upon my return to work.. 
@Keels_90 nowhere now im currently depressed  sucks to be me
@ian_watkins i'm a bit jealous, i want to be in los angeles again 
it was 80-90F in cali today  so jealous!!!
is so far beyond tired that it's not even funny. Back and ankle are agony too. Great start to a new term 
Just found out that family members four hours of photo taking only saved on! The camera was either off or faulty. They aren't happy 
Gloomy + Humid weather = sleepyness  need to finish tons of things for today plus 5K run later. so help me God!
i'm feeling so effed up na! so hungry na kasi and i'm even craving for dairy queen pa! gahd. i so miss g.pretty 
Not happy  going to bed
Back to work after hol  Slept in spare room so i'd be fresh this morn. Was in bed by 9 too! Got up early and even did 30mins of Wii fit!
Back to work today after 2 fantastic weeks off 
This paper (that I did do part of!) made me miss the election  fun times.
@BensonGoesRawrr not really, just upset, got dressed to go out somewhere, then got back into bed for no reason, im being a bit of a sook 
@nigelhoney i loved them. they were absolutely fantastic. i hate to see them go 
Is going to Gaspe soon, for my grandmother's funeral  RIP I am going to miss her 
@roaritsallie yup... kill me. My life is no longer fair in anyway. 
Sad they killed of edi on desperate housewives 
Arg im So Cold  Desperate Housewives 2nite!
@oeyz @armymy i saw it in his fcebook relationship status fakk i really wants him so bad  but thts ok coz he said he was happy talk 2 me
@mikegentile uhh i couoldnt find yall tonight hahah  but yall were amazing come back soooon K?
stomach hurts, i can't even sit properly 
Ending it ? We weren't even going out . But this still sucks 
I just freaked because its so sunny-i thought it was like 12 n we miss our bus hahaa 
@angryaussie my dad forgot the brand of the camera, they had one left but missed out by the time he decided to text 
@wilw I am sad to be a Sharks fan right now. A whole amazing season is being tossed down the shitter. 
@AubreyODay ok im getting upset  call me lollll 4434156058
@lilyroseallen Are You Giving Free Tickets In The County Durham Area, Its Not Fair On Me  x
@wickedlibrarian  LOL. They should add the  &quot;rod of judgement&quot; to their selection. You have been naughty while I slept - I missed the fun 
Wish I had carpe-d the weekendem way more now that this rough week begins and I do not have enough fun under my belt to combat it. 
@mwtsnx I saw the new HP trailer, looks amazing. I'm going to london this summer but I can't afford to stay an extra week to see it there 
its way too early i want to go back to bed, I really do not want to go to college, and its soo unfair my brothers got a inset day 
dropped a container of acrylic crystals &amp; pearls on the floor &amp; they spilled all over. not fun having to pick it all up and re-sort. 
not happy about getting up this early for school 
@jaynicgurl jealous! I wana be there too! 
@mfasil @sudeepnayak unfortunately looks like my 1TB works only Windows. In mac, it shows folders as locked!  gotta see wat to do wid  ...
back from a mini break in the spanish hillside..  fantastic!!  but simply too short  
@scottrmcgrew im very sad tonight i cant get @jackgraycnn to tweet to me and im pretty sure hes not even following me 
@jAzMiNeReNee I miss u love-no homo!!! man we r missing all the ATL fun!!!  i can't wait to get back. Ru having fun&gt;? My trip has been a
@marsgirl86 Nope hun, can't make it    Have to be at work Monday morning, oh well, maybe a trip to the US later this year ;)  have fun 
The weather forecast says it's going to be sunny for the next five days.  Must be time to go to work 
Was in the rift valley this wknd...amazing scenery&amp;variety! Check it out on www.journeykenya.com. Back at work now 
@JoelMadden awesome!! It doesn't come to Dallas until the 24th I believe... 
@MasterAwesome Please no more school 
Internet is being Epic Fail tonight, I want to find a Verizon representative and be malicious, just to feel better. Ugh. 
Was forced to take &quot;Bones&quot; off last night cos it &quot;will give your little sister bad dreams&quot;.  Not happy Jane! I never miss it, and had to
Terrible dreams last night! Dreamed that I was on the funeral of my friend and when I woke up mail from Facebook came of his BDay today! 
I am missing my laptop, it went to laptop hospital  using One Note in 3 places and on the go was amazing! I have to print stuff out today!
@NancyProctor @RichardMcCoy http://tr.im/jcTv Swayed Ganymede? Or #mw2009 fun! Sorry to have missed it 
just had a million new followers - i got excited then realised it was ALL spam from newecard.com or something 
@hansv_com Being &quot;happy in spite of it&quot; returns you to the first category...which is just what someone from category 2 would say. 
new tv show, &quot;sit down, shut up&quot;. not funny 
@misssmith11 Oh no! The 1st part of your tweet made me shudder!  I'm happy Sunday was a better day altogether. Me? All is good...
(@thundza) new tv show, &quot;sit down, shut up&quot;. not funny 
is back to work after a sunny weekend... damn... 
@svanna how's your disertation going?weekend was good thanks.went to the beach then out to o'neils in the evening.back to work today 
@JMoney__ Ahh, I'm so jealous! This is the first year we didn't make it out there  Bonnarroo instead..
My bike ride was really hard because of yesterday Paintball  but at least we had good fun!
@syalam Need a 3G iPhone to fully enjoy trapster 
started writing some music again... woohoo! unfortunately it will be a busy week, so not sure how much more I'll be able to do soon 
@SIR_JO No fun with no money 
@oldm8 been there done that, home depressed 
Sunny day is not sunday  http://twitpic.com/3n9pa
@TommyLind BTW, glad all is well w/your coffee again!! Monday w/out coffee is like a scraped knee with no band-aid for it!! 
back to school today  not fun
@dinah_lee I am so glad that everyones giving them attention!! I miss them so much 
tired.. have a stiff neck..  watched the best of french and saunders.. v funny..reading on the road- jack kerouac and then jon ronson.
at work now, lovely day, @eckafatcat going away tonight - going to miss her   Wish I could be at home to enjoy the weather
im beyond depressed. my southern boy is florida bound. i miss you already baby  but i'll see you soon. 'member that! &lt;33333
Auurgghh I feel like crap. My shoulder, arm, and leg ache. My stomach is upset. I feel weak. Blahhhh 
@iamlittleboots Agreed - awesome book. Sad days. 
Taking Max (or 8 mth old kitten) to have &quot;The Op&quot; today. Boy am I glad I am not a cat. He is currently crying for food 
Zombieville USA on iPhone is fun but crashes when listening to iPod 
Finally, I finished reading &quot;SLAM&quot; of Nick Hornby...nice but not that fun 
soooooo excited for this weekend (beginning on thursday). banquet, WILD, and saturday is still TBD since taylor swift is out of play 
Hi  everybody ! Today I return in school! Nooooooooo! I was enjoying my week off !! 
@itskrispykream I saw u guys on stage today! and saw a bunch of kids walkin around with The Knux shirt... i was jealous 
@chriscornell Thanks for an awesome weekend!  I'm sad it's over! 
My job stresses me out even on my days off. 
@twilightgossip something that's totally not fair is that i live here &amp; i'll never run into them. 
May day in a nutshell: APO retreat, nap, work (nice to see you @almondjoya ), @lene, food, homework, sleep. RINSE AND REPEAT 
dumb me just spent an hour crying through desperate housewives- that shows been special to me for 6 years &amp; tonight was a big loss. 
A light breakfast before I head to the gym... My lovely camera no longer works - upsetting both professional and HNT plans 
wahhh school  unbelieveably jealous of @JasmineBagci, she went on holiday to turkey yesterday!
@SusieB123 no Susie unfortunately. Pretty much all work and no play for me  Need to find some balance I think!
Why is it so difficult to prepare burgers in burger mania?  i always fail! diner dash is way easier and more fun to play. haha!
enjoyed blore rains now back in mys with no rains 
@steveagee i'm a little jealous. texas doesn't groove with that kind of funk. 
T minus 12 minutes of work left.  Working in an office with no windows is like..hmm..I can't even think what its like 
Well, looks like I'm back to college  I remember the days college was fun!
Dontemplated using #Drupal as a back-end to a [new] personal website. Unfortunately It'll take to much time to familiarize myself with it 
burned out, toasted, crispy, 3 weeks of being gone and another 9 days to go seems hopeless 
@jade__dragon Ya I'm excited tp see where it goes, I'll pick it up again in the morning, in between job hunting rejection calls. 
@NatskiB The Global FInancial Crisis (GFC) effects everyone Natalie... even porn and grog 
 back to college for me now havnt had any sleep very tierd! hope its nice and sunny 2day
@perezhilton She answered it poorly -- but unfortunately, I didn't hear any boos from the audience, only applause   Very depressing ....
i had an awesome weekend. now time for the work week. 
@parisianatheart That is *no way* to start a week!  Glad you're there to tweet about it!
@Dancegurl91 i'm gr8 , except im saula depressed 
is crying becuase i wish i had an awesome sweet boyfriend.. just like on tv 
@chrispirillo Use &quot;Click to Flash&quot; - IE ActiveX-esque object clicking to load - it's brilliant. Flash is a waste of Safari goodness 
is annoyed by the breezeless weather. I still have to go back to the office and stay there for a while. SG is confirmed.  
@flossa noooo bloody idea. upset about things i guess. 
I remember @markjoyner saying summer riots just cospiracy theory - Tamils now affecting Londoners right-to-work with escalating protests 
My thermal mug makes my tea taste funny  i should just use my paper ones
Oh joy nodded off again now I'm running late 
Caught the train with 1min to spare. Bloody schoolkids making my bus late! Haven't even had time to buy coffee! 
Had fun out at Lawtey today... Dirty as usual. Tomorrow.... chores and trying to get the kids truck running again 
Ordered Draco Tavern (mostestest favoritest) and Ringworld. Unfortunately, it's going to take 14-21 days, since these books are imported 
unhappy as. bf not here  cant talk to him untill tomorrow. then im going away for 4 days, cant talk to him through that either. ill D:
Got up this morning with nosebleed and headache, third time in a row. Not happy 
If those ruddy car yard men don't stop racing their Maseratis up &amp; down our one-way residential street, I shall jolly well blog them! 
@twilightfairy The IT capital of India of course - this is what you get when you have religious fanatics and dinosaurs running the place 
@tommcfly Are you comming back to Amsterdam this year? I loved the gig soo much! Made awesome pics! Not from you, you were to far away!  X
@vanessawhite i love that song!... cnt wait for it 2 be out! it is early.. my first day back to.. skl skl  and im not happy haha x
@StudioFairy arghh Isi help me out.i cant save the graphics i made in paint shop pro.i mean i'm saving but they're not showing on folder. 
Annnyway. D: Any idea why im so illll?  I blame yesterday even if it was fun XD
Hounds all had their breakfast and been for a run, sunny day here. Got to fill up some holes they've dug in mother's garden now...oh dear 
@MikeArnaldo you should just respond to me! i didn't even see your messages till now.. twitter on iphone doesn't inform me of my msgs 
@mileycyrus i miley love your music, i think you are amazing and i love your song &quot;the climb&quot;    i hope you dont stay sad for long ....
@RiskyBusinessMB Michael you are the only one that hasnt replied to me  the SD accoustic show was awesome wish I coulda been there
@tommcfly Break a leg on tour!! ^^ I'm sure,it'll be incredible!! I would love see you so much in this tour  ...
@moinsdezero hmm yeah i was in a classy mood tonight..&amp; it was amazing until my friends left and i was alone with the bottle of wine haha 
@barbsbooks feeling slightly depressed about now 
Oh no0o0o0o0o0o0oz don't die...again....if I had a phienix down  but I dont...i can't even spell it right!!!
@aplusk Hey! They did a section of MalariaNoMore on BBC Breakfast News and they didn't even mention Twitter 
i'm up for a big box from krispy kreme &amp; tesco pasta pot. IM SOO EXCITED FOR THIS BUS JORNEY 
OMG... my Acer Aspire 5920G Baterai Charger is not functioning... hiks 
ill. not happy. too nice a day to feel this crap 
Only got 3 hours of sleep, and I woke up to an upset stomach. Today is not getting off to the best start. 
To all you stoners happy 4:20, I wish I was going to see devil wears prada instead of seeing ten foot face 
Do u ever wake up on monday morning and think  I should have been working 18 hours days rather then enjoy the W ? I feel like that today! 
got a brew... got work to do! today is going to be a busy one! i can sense it now!  plus its sunny outside... 
@jeayese ANGRY AMY  NO LIKEY  HOWS U?
spice girl extravaganza....wish i had someone to enjoy it with 
Tomorrow is not going to be fun 
not happy. see my latest post to see why...so so sad 
Poorly kitty cat  Working from home to try and calm her down (and clean the mess up!)
IM ANNOYED! Can't upload my pic 
 not a happy bunny today i have to go to school in 6 mins .........school sucks!
@sidSicklePowers aw don't make me jealous seed! i want rain 
Feeling miserable about going back to work tomorrow 
I dont get how weird people find me on here?  they even follow me and say f* all 
@jessicaisfunny You fail at fun. 
What happened to gmail?!?! anyone know abt it?!?!?! can't even signing in... 
@xoxoxoe oh right, fair enough 
back in work.. Friday Night was fun! sheffield was awesome! and the peak district was lovely... i can hardly keep my eyes open 
@StephieJaine aww, yep I will - looks a sunny day out there, whats wrong? 
sleeping all day when you have work the next isn't fun.  tomorrows going to be so hard.
Goodbye misty morning, hello sunny day. Shame it's too late to skive off work, I'm already in Ruddington 
studying while thinking of makeup is no fun.. 
Also to add insult to injury haven't even use it in the car!!!! 
Monday mornings... combining mondays with mornings, two things that I'm not overly fond of...  Thankfully I've already had a nice coffee.
back in work...Oh what joy! 
Lost my Nokia 6233 last evening, in front of my own house! Super stupidity 
Almost done....I feel miserable 
@JonathanRKnight Hey Jon! South African fan here, any chances of a SA leg of the tour! I've never had the privilage, not even a hello 
Finally getting some sleep. Happy birthday Hitler, and happy 4/20 to those that celebrate. Also 10 Years since Colombine... lots today! 
*sometimes. fuck I can't type what I fucking mean. I hate being upset. 
@DonnieWahlberg Howzit!  Please tell me those forward plans include South Africa! We've never even had merchandise, sanctions and all 
Blergh. Monday morning. It's sunny outside. I have to work 
@debratan jealous. I have too much hw and work. 
Unfortunately I have no coffee beans at the moment, so I've had to settle with Costa 
@Android_Bot yea i had the same feeling i cupcaked mine too and it's pretty swish  even if i have noticed it gets hot quickly 
I think I have bronchitis. I can't breathe very well and this keeps happening. I feel miserable. My chests hurts from gasping for air. 
mourning the loss of my amazing kitty, Milo. Having a hard time knowing he isn't sleeping at my feet like he used to every night 
Thought about great trading on the ICC at the weekend. Shame I had to go through betfair though 
waiting for the @WestAustralia pic twitterplause. Unfortunately maybe they will take 3months like when answering for my job candidature 
So happy that finnally i can signing in 2 gmail although for only few seconds... 
SUNDAY FUNDAY has come to an end.   AHHH FOOOEY!!  Gotta sleep now &amp; take my boy to the airport dumb early!. The things I do 4 friends!
is as angry as fuck with a certain &quot;registered training organisation&quot;!!! 
The job centre sucks balls... I desperately need to find work 
I'm sad...I met the guy of my dreams...IN my dreams and I didn't even get his name or number!!! ahh  ...swt dreams again tonight please!
@perezhilton Wow that was such a kick in the pants it's not even funny...    
my best friend is leaving in six weeks to go to Romania  sad day, and i one of my other best friends was intown didnt even call me 
my baby girl had her immunisations today, she's not happy 
@jbr32 I need to find me one first. It hasn't been too fun 
@Weeza79 Nothing very exciting unfortunately! Catching up with people,relaxing...and clearing 10yrs worth of hoarding out of apartment 
Thinks &quot;oh awesome I'm feeling better yay&quot; then it hits!!! Spoke to f'ing soon didn't I?!?  I don't feel so good anymore!!
Im so looking forward to going home, even though Im all alone again.  
its not fair joe , laney belives you but you dont believe her later on 
haha oic... same here! and i haven't even started... omg.. lol i just took a shower and now i just wanna to to sleep!  but i cant
Just finished writing my last paper for my AI class.  Unfortunately, it is also 4:24 AM. 
Sun + Beer + BBQ makes me a happy, happy man...the resulting indigestion does not.  
Wahooo what a weekend, went out on the back of an Enduro bike!! rather a bumpy ride but wicked fun.. now back at my desk in the office 
Not just tonight... He never does... Even when he's not sick 
If my stomach didn't tell me already, it's reminding me that I am, indeed, intolerant to this wonderful thing we call lactose.poor tummy 
just another Monday morning  roll on Friday evening!!
it seems the thing i'm best at is not sleeping...even when i want to sleep 
wants to go out. and eat a lot of foods. atleast that would make me happy.  http://plurk.com/p/p4pvt
I have six hours of class to look forward to, then when I get home this evening I have another four hours of work to be completed 
@Courageous_one Unfortunately no... cant have any pets at all here even 
@dizz02 ahaha karaoke would be awesome! dunno about sat though, i have a 21st... i guess i could leave early, but driving = no drinking 
i can't help but be depressed. haven't felt like this in years 
School times again. Sort of happy because I get to see my Cobra Starfish but other than that I'd rather be in bed 
@JoeSabatini Don't worry, unfortunately my questions don't require much forethought  
omg I love my new car - wish I could keep my old one too   The driveway looks awesome with 2 E30's parked on it! 
RIP Edy, the hottest MILF on Desperate Housewives 
Wembley was fun yesterday, great venue, probably the right result pitch awful.  Still can't shake this cold  but at least its Monday! 
- I'm in the boring bank. Some bloke has just asked about a cheque he 'sented' oh the joy of modern English. 
morose monday morning. 
didn't enjoy dropping Amelie off at the childminders for the first time 
good morning everybody! A sunny day had begun and I have to work 
Tis bright and sunny and i'm in work 
WoW is the devil... but it looks fun 
@caitkitt  no-one loves a zombie for his (admittedly non-functioning) brain. Or, uh, braaaaaaiiiiiinnnnzzzzz.
@Nikkidru Happy Birthday!  didn't realise it was today till Liz said yesterday    at least it's sunny and you can study outside!!
@cinetic I hate it when there are cute boys... and then they're straight. No fun at all. 
@TaraPilipovic its tons of funn.  hmmm same
STILL have yet to receive my issue of DWM that I ordered a month a half ago.  I'm very irritated. 
Uh Os... iTouch isn't happy. I'm sorry iTouch, I'm not sure what I did, but I'm sorry. I've tried resetting it a few times 
impacted wisdom tooth. 7 weeks until day surgery, even with priv health insurance, thats too long. cant take panadiene forte at work 
@MissHollyHocks That is a wonderful idea, if only 
@LadiiUnique awwww I'm sorry wish I could help you  it's no fun being sick on ur big day
@MaurizioC yo... trip was awesome, see blog: http://snurl.com/g9ket Back at work now 
the sun looks even more inviting through office windows 
I'm looking for a happy place amidst the chaos that will happen in... 1... 2... weeks. 
5am till Noon at work  HAPPY 4/20!!!
Gorgeous sunny Monday, it's such a total waste to be stuck in the office 
Typical, they can't even give me a clue, they send it all to doc and I wait to see him to find out  it's a noisy bigger of a machine
@AlexJReid You weren't out for long yesterday, and you never even said goodbye 
fairly uneventfull weekend  glad to see that @dunkywife has become a twit lol well done to @aplusk for reaching 1 mil 1st
@JesseFyasko I missed it  Did they have Edies funeral yet? lol
In history oh the joy  xxx
Soooory @BossTycoonLZ  That's y I said &quot;What's up World?&quot; cuz I didn't know who was still up. So how r u this evening hun?
The sun is shining. The birds are singing, and I'm off to a funding meeting 
going to bed. cant wait to wake up and greet the day with a sunny outlook and an overwhelming need to do things for others.  its hopeless.
Morning all, what a lovely, sunny day.  Won't be tweeting much today as I'm covering reception at work and its REALLY busy 
The earliest doctors appointment i could get for my back is Wednesday evening! Hot pads and painkillers for 3 more days then 
is dealing with his unstable health. 
had a more than fantastic weekend and now feels that work is terribly dull 
@coplandmj ain't my friend no more, she didn't even get me an easter egg 
@ErinMabe I can't sleep either... very sick this evening... 
ga, so busy i don't even have time to tweet!!! not a good day.... 
@Hollywood_Trey goooood my bestfriend's gna be here in the morning... stupid excited.. I hit u up like 5 times yesterday wit no reply 
Looks like I have to wait even longer until I get my tripods, the site states back ordered  Gutted
glad there is no school today, shame back tomorrow thoughh 
@MCNutters Lucky!! Unfortunately school is just starting back for me, Im just finishing a 2 week break! 
glad the boss is out this week, but not glad that I have all his work to do too 
First day back at school....  Boring. Funny. Exiting. Disy. Informitive. Scary.Tiring. Energetic - The normal School day.
@ASOS_Julia I've been tweeting a fair bit.. sod all else to do as my group cancelled POO !! 
@goyuuki yey!!! I am glad.... I hope you will be much happier now... it makes me sad reading your updates 
Got woken up because of the phone! I will have 2try 2enjoy my last day before I go back 2uni 2morrow 
@Starbucks By the way ... I'm totally jealous that SB NZ doesn't do half the stuff that America does   We don't even have SB's cards yet!!
@MariahCarey v proud of u! gotta keep in shape ey? it hurts but DAYEM is it worth it! i have wog genes so i have 2 gym a lot 2  waaa!!
@Schofe What can I say... Absolutely fantastic. Shame I'm gonna miss the show!  Bloody Virgin Trains...grrrrrrr!
Wow Another cloudy, rainy, slightly cold day. Luckily for us, we've got plenty of wood bricks for the stove! And alas, Felix's funnel on 
@harsha_rao not sure about the chat, but status updates are here.. though no commenting on them  deck'
@harsha_rao not sure about the chat, but status updates are here.. though no commenting on them  deck's still got some way to go..
@minnieburley oh, it was enjoyed three hours ago  but i can report - very tasty!
Doesn't want to go to bed.   I have to be up in 4 hours. I better not dream about anything upsetting.
grmbl..all the good extra functionality of php's functions I find are always &gt;php4 
@britneyspears just came back from the concert! loved itttt! what was up with the malfunction at the end? 
I've just been hiding from my window cleaner, that was interesting. He's gone nooow. Funs ovaa. 
@peterevanschef Hi Pete, im so sorry that Fresh is gone  really enjoyed it.
most people are waking up at this time. I haven't even gone to bed yet. Have to be up in an hr 1/2. 
Back in sunny oswestry. The weather is looking super. So gutted I haven't got my bike   I'll have to make use of the free gym at the hotel
At College, Bored Out Me Brains! Not Fair How Everyone Else Goes Back Tmro!!!!   
@angelroxy yay! Tasty muffin breaks are a go! I'm glad! No money sucks 
off to the sticks for party time...oh the joy of being sober... 
just went to buy a Twitter mug on Zazzle that imports all your followers onto it, very nice. But the delivery is as much as mug me upset 
depressed so just going to bed i guess 
@GinoandFran yep, like having an affair w/ my bestfriend's beau. 
Back at work........ again   tomorrow going to have fun in Italy..... Rome here I come!!!
work  would love to be out in the sun.. and some money would be nice. @seancapote awesome weekend!!!
sunny day and im studing 
About to go to the library, to spend this sunny day inside 
internet back up and running .I didn't miss it - yes I did -yes I did I admit it  I even did ironing
@iheartjuicebox I know girl I haven't seen u since like early march  if I don't see u soon I'm pretty sure I won't even remember u sad
waiting for someone to talk back to me...as of right now im talking to people and i get nothing back. not really sure if this is fun 
I'm so tired and I have my cousins grandmas funeral to go to tomorrow at 1.. Ugh 
wished she was back in Philippines enjoying good food/weather/ and company of her loved ones 
Want to know why my iPhone broke all night meaning no tests got through which made someone very unhappy 
@SheBeeGee oh I am so jealous of you right now.... I want that!!! 
I hate the rain and it keeps raining here in NOVA.  It was sunny on Sunday but I was in class all day.   
@Digital_Girl Crazy  so what u up 2 this evening?
@Oprah glad you're twittering! i live in europe and need my oprah fix now and then, really miss watching your show! 
@_sophie41 fair nuff I'm in the same boat I'm upset bout arsenals loss to Chelsea in fa cup semi 
is loving the sunny weather &amp; dreading dentist appointment at 4.00 
@twistingaether and unfortunately I have neither 
I am upset bc my hubby will be gone all week for work 
@shefal unfortunately I can't quite afford gold and diamonds...maybe one day in the distant future! 
@ianfnelson Exactly the same reason why I went with Windsor.. Silverlight 3 looks awesome, but at this point, I won't be using it 
i realy miss my mom  new york is awesome i just saw shrek the musical ITS AWESOME !!!!!!!! IF UR IN NEW YORK GO WATCH IT !
@onelewis ive go this unfortunate thing called work 
the new summer set album better be good  im so glad i didnt buy my tickets last night
Awesome, got migraine! Jippie!!   
just arrived after driving 90 mile for a job interview...thats going to be fun every morning...  
I'm going to miss Edie on Desperate Housewives 
@Braxietel They are such strong actors too! It seems people on this continent haven't even heard of it though  Thanks for informing me.
Knackered! Even though Molly and I slept until 9:15 she's having more sleep, I'm looking at all the chores, never ending! 
@KingMao *teary-eyed* not even for a day to trade it over?   *walking away to dark corner*
Some people make me so angry and suppsed to be so called friends grrrrr great start to a day 
The sun makes me happy!!  Bein in the library lookin out at it, not so much!!! 
back in the yucky city  pretty sure my voice is angry with me. Yet, I'm rejoicing.
Is wearing the tightest sexiest skirt to work but feels like she looks like Betty Rubble/ Wilma Flinstone! and is still upset about Jude 
@Rileston76 Except that there are issues letting you view subscribed content 
@Volmist Yeah, it is awesome.. Man, i'm terribley addicted. I want free stuff...! Why did you get free stuff 
@judez_xo FINE! dont talk to me then?? :'(, im soo upset now 
God I haven't even started work yet and my leg is killing already! I can sense a bad week ahead 
listening to LIME in a traffic jam... I guess I have to be happy if a day passes by without a traffic jam 
@RobinThailand Unfortunately not 
Dunno if it was the weird sleep but I'm feeling weird. Revenge of yesterday's French food, perhaps? Also - rain ambush! Boo 
is nowhere near satisfied with the SLA final exam. *sigh* 
Can I be disillusioned and sad for just few minutes? I just had my hopes frustrated and I need some time to digest it. 
@HGoldup I will indeed be going into to work as I've left it far to late to call in. Not functioning well at all. Could be I'm broken 
How is everyone else hey? Had a nice day? I didn't exactly enjoy my 1st day back at school mind... Ugh 
The sun is shining and translation of a really cool German website makes life even better  #'bersetzen
@totallystumped Josh's chiropracter told me that I'm not gonna grow any more, and I wasn't even there. 
@monkeysean89 @qmuser You guys are too nice.  If I could justify @AngryPuppy, I'd reactivate, but I don't want to put out more noise. 
@lucyjspence It was SO fun, I had such a lovely day. Really is a shame you guys couldn't make it... How are you feeling? 
other half already home from work. didn't actually get to work - migraine hit hard b4 she even got there 
@sladja_x have fun and dont go too crazy! say hi to elisa! i already miss you 
@CruciFire @dhempe sorry guys i never knew it was of that category, but content is nothing related to it.. sorry guys  gotta be careful :p
My bed feels amazing right now. I would love to stay here all day. Fuck school.  so sleepy!
First day back at school, this happy holiday has really shown how unhappy i an at this school  gutted.
I am back in Southampton, and quite sunny, but not as sunny as Essex was yesters!!  But i am in a positive mood unlike my friends!!
Having to fight with Group Policy changing my Internet Explorer Settings - the fun of IT not understanding the needs of Developers 
This is not fun 
Watching people skiing under a blue sunny sky'  from my office window 
Working on the post evaluation for the celebrating success events. At the moment that really means doing the filing 
sat in science, i hate it  not fair
@touqo There's a bucket, but it is so small that not even two narrow Sam Adams bottles fit in there 
@saragarth lmfao better save me sum  as not fair i cant race to get there haha
french revision is eating me alive people  it's not good...i wanna play football like a lad should on a sunny day :@
Another beautiful day, I'll be enjoying it from the inside of the library 
@stevecs nice and shaded in a conference room where I am. death by powerpoint presentation today  it's sunny outside though
@ARE_OH_ES_ES yeah  the butterfly wasn't healing at all.. it was super fucced up. Ill have my artist in AZ redo it eventually...
@Rosie61 And came back to me in the wee hours. I even had to collect other peoples from the pound, as they got lost trying to come back 
@platypusparasol OMG THANKS! I def feel the love! ohhhlalala! ) where in makati is the store? errr mamasita is so jealous of u! 
Happy that the new album is finally finished but I miss recording it 
daddy gee is annoyed I never got him a top 
Going Owt In A Bit Since Its Realii Sunny,,&amp; Try To Get A Tan (Not Gonna Happen,,Im Pale  ) lol!
@LesleyCookman have ordered one of your books @ local bookshop, so eagerly awaiting. Sorry to learn that the first one is out of priint. 
the sun is shining and im stuck in work...not fun!! 
feeling super rubbish. writing a brochure on mobile document shredding is not helping  didn't even go out this weekend. there's no justice
@andreatunes I can't even come close to the update issue  Did you try it via the app itself?
@ponyy nah, i think you better come kill them for me, they arn't here yet, i don't even know if they are coming baha i hope not !? 
has hit her elbow on her laptop, who ever thought of calling it a funny bone, it's not 
@maria250389 be grateful, I go back today 
Only an hour until I have to go to college  wouldnt mind but we wont even be doing much :|
is watching missing pieces.. so heart breaking  makes you thankful for all you have..
@carrieholton well I am glad someone does  xxx
http://twitpic.com/3nehs - why they always hating on us short people? we need love too  even if he ain't real lmao
@dougiemcfly I'm back at collage now  Be glad you're not doing AS Biology! Are you going to be going near Darlington today (NorthEast?)
I am going to enjoy the sun...got no suncream so will defo be a lobster this evening 
@tommcfly Are you going to be going near Darlington today (NorthEast)? I'm back at collage now  Be glad you're not doing AS Biology!
Has a long week.....and really couldn't be any less upset that it's Monday already 
@mileycyrus awwww miley its ok. I don't get to see my mom until june and the last I saw her was november.      be happy girlie
@danlarsen Damn I'm jealous, I spent a saturday waiting for wind  beam me up scotty http://bit.ly/kpoh9
Even Medieval Knights have problems with iTunes. 
It's sunny outside  I'm stuck at work
Too sunny outside, don't want to work today. Shame I'm in till 8pm 
Doing lots of stretches as my body is a hurting a fair bit this morning 
has woken up depressed and just hating himself  still listening to Tinchy Stryder ft. N-Dubz - Number 1 ... thanks Emma Latto (Y)
@chitneni iam not as photogenic as u..  even though i have some lakhs and lakhs of pics.. nothign is worth even to be pasted on walls..
What!!?? *biiiip* dies in Desperate Housewives!??? I never thought one of them would die!  I liked her!
BTW I am back from the Gold Coast, fun times, can't get out of school to spend time with friend  damn school
Call me geeky.. but am even gonna miss the code!!! 
spent the day alone in Tokyo for the first time today, unfortunately Sean wont let me go far alone so Ive been bored!!! 
@AnthonySteele With my developer hat on I sympathise, but with my user hat on I didn't even click on the button  Roll on SL-V3 I guess?
@Hamperlady Super jealous of your garden coffee breaks  Wish i was there!!
@DionneSouth that's good to hear. And I won't be enjoying the sun. GCSE's in 3 weeks. So loads to do 
My first day back at work after Easter break and it's a lovely sunny day. I was prepared for this but it still pains me 
is not a happy chappy, hate having to make really big decisions 
&quot;Enjoying&quot; the day off doing laundry... 
@_ynnie36 good morning... happy holiday... the last place i wanna be is working, too 
Happy Monday everybody. I want to be playing at the funfair on Shepherds Bush Green but instead I'm working 
Back in work after 10 days. Im glad! Hate being ill especially with the sun shining! Still at about 70% though 
@David_Ogilvie i'm glad you had a good weekend.  You would never believe the weather Scotland is getting!  Sunshine....rain to come 
I want to feel well again. It's not fair  I'm sick of feeling sick.
@ikki_oo Ha, well I'm leaving my home in sunny France to fly to England, which is not so sunny. So sadly not 
Lol   enjoys reading kevins posts. But also wishes i could stay home 
I'm doing remote meeting with the customer located in sweden. there is 9 hours of time difference. but it's happy. if US customer, worst 
is super tired and not even done yet 
I am really not enjoying being back at work after a brilliant weekend in the sun with all my friends 
grr so annoyed... i have work in like... an hour and there is nothing to eat in my house!! sooo hungry  how annoying ....
And now I've got a migraine. Brilliant 
Alright. I listened to you guys. (= hair's straightened. Hehe. Gah i'm like exhausted..  happy 4:20!
@cruisemaniac this fellow wants some water fun too!! i told him that seriously 7k was too less to organize! he won't listen! 
Internet issues prevented me from doing any EOV work this weekend. Now it is time to play catch up and see what is going on... 
getting ready for skewl its not fun.    
such a nice day. would love to be heading to brecon on the bike, instead I'm stuck in work all day, then going to college all evening 
@alesa13 njoy your day hun :* and send me some sunshine, im hating this cold weather we're having 
Eww psych final today  not too excited, but i do get to see GItzen tonight to watch all our shows haha we're like old ladies
is super tired and not even done yet 
@ollycromack it was sunny this morning when I got to Manchester... no idea now cos I'm sat in an office with no windows near me 
@TOMSshoes Was really bummed that the C'ville event this past weekend didn't happen; we wanted to get more involved and enter for DMB tix 
@ZAGrrl Wow! Thank you! Glad to hear that. Isn't it 6am on Chicago? woke up early! It's 8pm here in Korea and I'm still in the office.. 
@carolineyates75 yeah, unfortunately our client got suckered in by the &quot;openness&quot; and &quot;freeness&quot; they didn't realise.They are paying now 
not happy that its raining! what am i going to do with Lena all day? This sucks 
does anyone even seriously celebrate 4/20 anymore? what a fucking joke lol. first day back from break, ehhh 
still *Cannot get contents of supplied URL.* i guess that means i can't make it before cut-off.   http://plurk.com/p/p5l36
@XgillsX Awww really!? no thanks!!! Even tho i really shud cuz i desperatly need the muni - altho no overtime = clare skint!! 
@hanstosti Yes not 301 redirecting from www. to non-www or vice versa can be a huge dublicate content generator 
Pissed that the &quot;Top 5 Movies&quot; thing on Facebook doesn't have &quot;Spring And Chaos&quot;. Grrr...Awesome anime movie that nobody knows about! 
@Stulittle Working as per usual - not fun and its sunny outside  A day of Twittering I think. You going to classes?
@FiFiTheFAIRY i wish i could but i think it will be too late to get good tickets now and i know one would go wiv  xx
happy 420.. wish I was in Florida  
Had a fantastic weekend, which will make today suck that much more 
@royalt_rapqueen -lol I aint even get that... 
Out a drive in the countryside stuck behind a tractor pulling a trailer full of manure, oh the joy! 
Everyone is tweeting links and fun stuff but I get to wait until I get home to cliiiiiick! 
running SUPER late b/c my stomach's upset... and its raining, so this drive is really gonna suck major ass 
Off to work and it's doin good weather outside.............. oh what joy. catch ya laters 
its sunny for the first time EVER and i have to stay in and write an essay about Frankestein  BUMMER
@wastethisnight  awe it's okay. and i'm leaving early! lol how fantastic. is colleen coming?
lovely sunny day 2day! got to pay for my car tax 2moro 
@selenagomez oh girl.at first i followed the wrong sel  now i am following youu.the real awesome.you're my idol.i love youu so much.?
trying to get my head round how twitter works! Will have to wait till later - got to go to work  way too sunny!
{&lt;3kaylabrooketaylormike} Reading OAT testing today. Oh the joy...eh&gt; Well I hope i'll do good. It's really foggy and rainy outside. Eek. 
Ariving at school i wonder what fun things i will do today 
Just received awesome news!! But unfortunatly I'm not allowed to tell anybody... 
pens tomorrow! let's make it 3-1!!! woot woot! school today. FUCK. math homework=not done science homework=not even looked at.  better go!
@NicoleJensen Oh sorry dude. I got all excited and stuff. We can move it if you like? Really sorry I wasn't sure of the protocol. 
is a bit upset that I suck at bejeweled 
@beadevile had a great time, was Singapore! I'm in Australia now. My neck has gone a bit funny though 
Stuck inside for the next 9 hours when the wheather is this nice  not happy 
i want to go tidy @AmazingPhil 's room and get love 
@brittanytastic it used to be fun now its just an excuse to bitch and hate, like every other forum 
@GPforhire Its even worse then the mice are still alive and hide under the tv stand! 
Angry. Oh so very angry. Today suck. CRY. 
Trying out tweetie for mac... annoyed @tommyDarko beat me to it 
@Wabeywoo Looking forward to the big week of awesome too!  Work is so quiet at the moment, the next two weeks are going to draaaag 
@stephens78 Thankful you should be! I couldn't have picked a worst time to give up work and return to study 
@ProudLoony I couldn't get that one to download! Might have to try again! And all the ones I made won't play on ipod - wrong format. 
I wanna go to America! it's too expensive though  gosh. so unfair!
is enjoying her morning, although I had NO sleep 
@LeavingGirl unfortunately I'm getting practice now - it likes to kick me in the ribs all night and bounce on my bladder  
@bigal962 No probs can you publish a gig list? Thursday  Cardboard car - brilliant well done
that was a sad night, we lost to Philly, that was harsh 
Ugh!!! Got sick last night, tummys upset, freezing then sweating ...  not good.
PS: HAPPY 4:20!! I wish I could go to the Parliament Hill tonight 
Oh the joys of school 
@AchtungMusic sunny and wearm and yes some of them are really nasty  Unfortunatly....most of them are really nice
Amazing how much crap is in the iPhone app store 
@davewalker I havent - not remotely unless the negative achievement of recluttering counts. Not sure week off worth it 
@kiphakes http://twitpic.com/3ne7b - where's my cake?  Glad she's having a nice last day of her holiday! xxx
Sick sick sick  sooo annoyed with all of the weather change!!!
@roycheong1 or rather, will die or not. Sad state of affairs. 
Morning twitterland...Happy fraking Monday!  
its not fair having to work when the weather is sooooooo good 
back to work...unfortunately 
@guapakitty awh thanks  missed you all too!! italy was so fun!! wish the weather was better there though 
count sleep...only got bout 3 hours of sleep and now going to lovely school! oh what joy! 
Just woke up. I have to go get a shot today  happy birthday James &lt;3
@lein_ destination analysis... bastard thing...  we cant even sit outside cos then i cant see my laptop 
i just mean, if i wanted it to be sunny then i wouldn't live in england 
is getting on with some uni work  its really sunny too!
@ElHafiz I wish....but not even  GM though babe...
I'm trying out Tweetie for OSX.  Pretty amazing interface but no groups.   That's one feature that might send me back to Nambu.
Glad to realise I can still remember French! Now preparing Spanish classes for this week. This week not as exciting as last 
@gcn1 No, I haven't. Running v.1.1.7, which was last stable version; hope they'll improve it further. Know v.1.1.12 still crashes  #nambu
@topsurf Don't even get me started thinking about steamed crabs.  It's still two months away 
@Kyra028 Good ta. It's really sunny here today, but I'm working too 
@shaundiviney...dw bub I had the shittest night at work  it was cause I wasn't there! You would of been awesome love. Xoxo &lt;3
@AussieMcflyFan join the club!! my friends dont even know them  and they arent even gonna try to. haha. well; us McFly lovers are speacial
@alardw what's your experience with Spotify.com? Good? I've been looking into it, but unfortunately it isn't supported yet by Sonos.com 
In work yet again on another fabulous sunny day. I bet as soon as the w.end comes &amp; I'm off it will start raining 
@MeganMcCarthy Sorry to hear you had food poisoning. I can imagine how fun that must have been eeek 
On the metro. I hate public transportation and its raining. Happy Monday 
Happy Sunday! Just jet skied, kayaked and water skied! Sooo fun! Last day in Mexico 
@dodo_iscool   but still we started the holidays earlier   ugh.... did u watch the astra awards was it even on
What a gloomy day....wish I could go back in time and restart my break. Was to short 
Ah works pish! I hate that I'm stuck in this hole and it's sunny out   Booooo hooooo rehearsals tonight and tomorrow and the day after. .
I know it's just a matter of time before I get hater comments on my videos...  Oh well, I guess that's just a part of the game!
EX1, No sunset, rainy Sydney evening, maybe 2 good shots    Meeting the tour group tomorrow at 730am... Game on!
I got up early... and I don't even have to 
VERY not happy with the creature who dug in my veggie garden last night.  
i dont have my mobile today, my dad accidently took it to work with him, so wont get it back till this evening 
Feeling very down today! Maybe even sad!! 
Morning Tweets, hope u all enjoyed ur weekend! Hubbys toothache has gotten so bad he took the day off - not to get him in ASAP! Poor baby 
@McJayxo haha wicked! sounds like fun haha.. my friends hate them! grr!  and dnt worry its coming soon promise (:
Stuck next to raisin in ICT, joy. No help at all he's to smart 
@delie31 Lucky you!! I have monsooning rain and wind. Not pleasant at all  picturing you on your sunny terrace.
@_incredible_ I wanted to be there too ..  But the ride to berlin cost 232' and then i need a place to stay and something to eat  so sad
@jenciTN What's this world coming too, even our children are not safe 
Behringer fun spoiled again 
@carlonicora Fantastic news!!!! Thanks Carlo! ... Obviously I do not think that in &quot;culonia&quot; I will be able to benefit of it 
Oracle buying Sun for $7.4 billion..not a happy day 
A couple of musical leads in the pipeline to follow up tonight. Since Panik Attakk died a prolonged death. All that work and no joy 
Still no joy for the Pacifer.        Disney questions, anyone?
i'm pretty sure the majority of my wonderful work day will be devoted to lurking for all the coachella awesomeness i missed. 
Trying to enjoy the last couple of days of the holidays before returning to school 
Sooo mad. i  cant believe im about to go to school after this 'fun' spring break. 
@itsrachelbitchs I know the feeling.can't they play quietly. then you tell them to be quiet and feel bad coz you have wrecked their fun 
@traceydelara LOL! Shoot I had events all wknd &amp; just got back &amp; now I'm EXHAUSTED! But off to work I go  How was your wknd girl?
What a gloomy start to the week - rain today, rain tomorrow, rain Wednesday. Mr. Sunshine won't come back til Thursday 
@martinbean glad you're enjoying it! Wish you were doing bingofaces instead though 
@HappyChappy09 really sorry to hear that, that's awful 
@broudy Yeah. Tweetie's fairly nice, so far. Too bad it's only for Mac and iPhone ' I don't get to have a Mac at work. 
@blissfulvanilla Thank you honey! I'm certainly not feeling my best!   xxx
@ZachTumin @ZachTumin Aye, that's the rub. What will be critical is how the &quot;soon&quot; in &quot;one day soon&quot; turns out 
@selenagomez please reply.........it would mean the world to us.even if you just reply with a period or a smiley face..please reply 
There is no world in which Ueda would be related to Nakai.... do not look same 
Thievery Corporation are awesome to revise to... but stuck inside doing work on such a beautiful day  booo!
Sitting in the garden, Enjoying the sun but yet VERY bored! 
14 y.o. daughter tells me the cat threw up at the top of the stairs . . just before she walks out the door to get on the school bus.  Joy 
chillin out after a massive wkend at the sunny coast, which was awesome! but sad to leave 
@katellora your nintendo stuf  trauma centre? i couldnt even be annoyed about staying back late at work cos i was devo for you &lt;3
@eliias omfg even the player in de jpg looks like my player 
@dariondesode Dual spec could be fun, but I'm still trying to get 800 gold so I can train flying mount. 
@tommcfly maby some day you will come to make show in israel ?  i sure you gonna enjoy in here to ! 
not really enjoying this roti bakar susu  oh well, can't say I didn't try
Big flaw in Tweetie for mac, the 'new message' blue logo thing stays even after you read it. You need to change the view for it to go. 
Nice week-end here. Enjoyed relaxing. Heather is moving out with friends June 20th. She's all grown up now. 
is wanting to put this new camera to use! so. maybe I will go drive somewhere fun. it's crappy looking out 
@DelphaForce I thought I forwarded you the confirmation. It's on the website if not. Just went to get cash &amp; it hurt. No more fun for me 
is irritable.  This cold better go away today.  
@thisisnevermore Yeah i missed it last night, came home too late   fortunately i've found them online to watch so no work for me today 
is wanting to put this new camera to use! so. maybe I will go drive somewhere fun. it's crappy looking out  oh - and has no friends 
@meganlucy life just isn't fair sometimes is it?! Driving me insane sitting inside 
@digitaldrivel Re: lunch today. interested:yes. available: no.   Have fun without me and I'll try and catch ya next time.
@TheRealDogBlog NOT US  i WiSH....i LiKE TO CHEW MOM'S NEWSPAPER!!! NOW SHE JUST BRiNGS ONE HOME AND WONT LET ME EAT iT...NOT FAiR!
enjoying marathon monday from the confines of my cubicle. not sure how the runners are going to make it without me there to cheer them on 
oh joy! back to my wonderful 'home' full of happiness and free of destroyed desktop... 
@mountainstarr  I wish my add did that.  Anxiety only makes it worse.     it is normal to be nervous...excited...sad and overwhelmed  ...
even though i'm awake a good hour &amp; a half before class, i'll be late. looong day today. 
Gorgeous sunny day, stuck inside working 
@nathanrdotca I'm not bad. Just woke up and it's kinda gloomy out. Soggy, rainy. Ick. 
Today is my daughter's 4th B-Day. I didn't even get to see call/her before work.  My son has a nasty cough. Wonder how wife's day's going.
Walked 5 miles yesterday, and . . . weighed 2 pounds MORE this a.m.  Not a happy camper right now. 
@joyfulthings thanks! I've never made it to front page  I've heard it doesn't usually bring many sales but  more views can't hurt!
I just spent 3 amazing days in Disney World.  I miss it already.  
fingers crossed, not happy about the rainy day though 
@stephenfry Im a wordsmith and a poet, enjoy me and make me millions!  please.
@snowtiger86 Have fun  Im not going to ucap tour 
Well I'm off to school  Happy #420 everyone!
back in sheffield - but no time to enjoy the sunshinnneeee!  booieo
but not really, since I have to work and be generally responsible. no fun 
trying to get Bell Canada to give me some records so I can claim a tax credit. What fun 
@toyboxstudio i synced this morning hoping that would happen, no joy! it only happened after a sync at the weekend 
@JRDaffParade Fortunately, I got some sleep.  My mom called me right before my normal rise and shine time. Still no pictures. 
Having near 80 weather on Saturday and now having a gloomy 46 degree Monday... Not fair 
I need to buy a roll black and white negative Ilford HP5 and some sheets 16x20&quot;...but here it is so expensive 
Leaving Virginia  was a very peaceful weekend
is getting ready to go to work.  Not much fun 
Also I just realized that almost everything I talk about on this is negative.  I'm going to dedicate one whole day to being positive. 
Enjoying a cup of hot teh tarik.. soothing... Still not getting anything done. 
I am unmotivated to even get breakfast this morning.  
A bit frustrated - have used all day to find an error in a server configuration. And it still doesn't work 
great morning everyone.  too bad it's gloomy when i'm not in the office.  #fb
Envious of @marmedman who is in NY now! 
Happy Monday Twitterville! Had a great weekend except my phone died.....Time to look for a new one 
just went out, so bright and sunny and warm outside... now back at the cold air-conditionned office with NO WINDOWS !! 
Pleasant, sunny day - what are we doing inside?  
@DungeonWarden oh no.  are you really saying that the clouds story isn't fun and stuff?  seriously?
I'm so angry at myself. Why didn't I do well at that interview? I blew it up 
REALLY?! Snowstorm in April... Not fair! 
wtf. i studied some extra stuff i didn`t need to study. now i feel even more tired. 
@dereksemmler What have you been up to?   I don't see your smiling avatar often enough anymore 
@mclaughj woah! The cmd + ` doesn't even work to bring the focus back to the main #Tweetie window. Sad! 
Adolf Hitler was born today.  One more reason to be depressed.  
@Goldjennifer78 I love the pink bow dress! Unfortunately I'm penniless 
@hdbbstephen Unfortunately I can' tload Tweetdeck on my work comp. 
says she's not going this fun-wednesday  http://plurk.com/p/p6eno
Stop playing with #tweetie without me! No fair. Stuck at work 
Going to the dentist is never fun   and it's definitely not how I want to start off a Monday morning
Aww. People are so ignorant! Making fun of people because viewse different, is totally wrong. 
Ah oh so sunny! the wheels are in motion for prom! skl 2mow! 
cant say im happy im going to school soon cause teachers awful. and no cinema bizarre 4 me 
@wilw Hahaha- I have that problem sometimes, too.  Not fun.  
@VirginVolcano You know you've lost your LA touch when you can say that. I don't know if I'm more sad or disgusted, Virgin. I just don't. 
@uberaubs Where are you getting your dress from? i still don't have one   So excited for Foxfield!
@RSdhabaddest LOL so I guess ur upset about school too  see I told u HIGH SCHOOL IS SOOOO OLD NEWS!!!!!
Lunch in the sun was nice! didnt want to put the sunny's away! 
the office temp is clearly having a deodorant malfunction  
@Silverlines yup, flight out at 5.30 tomorrow, back on Tuesday  not very happy with it really. i am not feeling well.
Morning everyone. So gloomy out. Boo 
why did I drink on a sunday  I even cried because of some a hole at the bar making a comment about homosexuality. i hate drunk crying
on the way home.. not looking forward to school.. doing homework on the plane.. ughhhh!  Congrats Kristen!! i'm so happy for yoouu!!!!! xo
@Itxi_Itx No probs! I'll send out a tweet now with revised links and mail my film-makers network. Sounds fun. Shame I'm too old 
71.7 and 400 jewelcrafting for those keeping track. Hurt the epic mount fund though. ~4400/14000 
writing a politics essay on Fascism!! not fun 
surfin the web readin sum book priddy relaxin day, 1st day bak at school tomorro not fun 
is glad her 11 day working week is over! but back to school and an exam on wednesday 
@melissajeskie why are you angry? 
@fefesotelo i'm quite jealous it's murky and going to rain till wednesday here. 
@9572AD I enquired with the Baconnaise people about getting some shipped to the UK... they didn't reply. Bacon Negative 
It's never fun when teachers come back to work, but today has been especially tough. 
@rebeccajoybeach I miss your obsessive tweeting!  also, I miss you. Also, answer your GD phone!!
@HollywoodHansM Happy 420!!! Unfortunately I'm @ werk so I can't  but as soon as I get off I'm gettin hiiiiigh lolllz smoke 1 4 me
Home from Hawaii, Jax &amp; I are sick   Have tons of laundry &amp; cleaning to do  What fun
@420thoughts i havent even smoked yet 
@ThatKevinSmith it's not some people are just to uptight/conservative.  happy 4/20. Whish I was blazing...
#TWiT has become &quot;This Week in Wine&quot;. Missing the content. 
LOL funny thing happen to me this morning, i was on my way to school on public transit, and i threw up my food from last night 
My day is ruined... its not fair why build me up just to see me fall 
Supposed to be at the Nebraska.gov Nebraska Partner Event: Efficient, Effective, eGov Solutions Online... but I'm not. 
Enjoying a lazy last day of mini-vacation...back to work tomorrow 
im bunning, it's just about the end of april and tho im glad (winter is gone?) im still not warm enough 
Had bunches of fun at prom but now has to go back to school 
What makes me hate getting up @ 7:30am for class EVEN more?? Going  to bed 4 hours before I have to get up 
@aplusk I only got a 2 on that game!!   I guess I need more practice!  Very funny though!
@DionRodrigues haha, fantastic! I keep throttling on the edge of 2.00. Demonoid doesn't like it if I seed from 2 places in 1 day 
this weekend was too fun! new work week 
@cresmer I'm deeply offended. Flash mobs are a form of public assembly &amp; expression. That police action is extremely chilling and wrong. 
Not enjoying this headachey weather. 
bumble is a funny word @antsrants you're right. i wish i was outside in the sunshine 
Hit up a few spots this weekend  Nothing eventful. Back at work.
@CarrotForKing  Stuff like that is why I'm glad I live alone.
@beanpie87 Yes you were... and I will tell you that I am still upset that you shirked your responsibility. 
apartment looks awesome. Good job @s_swan! Sorry I couldn't help... 
Too bad the weather is going to be AMAZING this week. I will be stuck inside doing papers! 
@Logicalness took out Emalon in 10 man last night. Fun!  Nothing for me dropped. 
i had an eventfull weekend  sister her  boyfriend, mother drama...
Enjoying Bolivia this week, especially their coffee and perfect weather.  Just a pity my luggage didn't follow me 
@becky_carlisle At least you can go outside...it's gorgeous here but even my job isn't fantastic enough to allow relocation 
is soo excited i have my baby neece all week  yipppeeee! off to the docters to talk about my whiplash  ouchy
Had an awesome weekend with mom, aunt, BB and shower festivities.  Parties over though--mom and aunt head back to TX today.  
@day_b Yeah mate of mine owns a villa there. No didn't do the whirly bird, was too expensive  Got some fantastic cheesecake though 
#Tweetie for mac is awesome, the best twitter client by far, where is the missing client for Linux 
Had an awesome weekend with mom, aunt, BFF and shower festivities. Parties over though--mom and aunt head back to TX today. 
So I'm using my old macbook in lieu of the macbook pro.  Funny thing: the command/option keys are swapped on my external keyboard. 
http://twitpic.com/3nklf - Unfortunately i Have to work.. 
is very excited to be twittering away on twitter but does not have very good twittering skills yet or many twitter buddies 
ewww its gloomy and rainy.. 
had a long and awesome weekend... now it's time for that Spanish oral exam I've been freaking out over for weeks.. 
oh man it's gloomy today 
@Goozex - think I'm going to be escalating a negative trade issue to Goozex this evening. Looks like a bunch of us got a bad trader... 
@SarahMoran I still think you'll have issues using that name unfortunately   (news unlimited)
just walked like 10ft, not even, and i'm soaked! 
@Willie_Day26 make sure ur perfromance goes well...even thought i aint gona b there 
up late; up early, makes u tired, angry and surly. 
hates being at work when its sunny 
@cputney not in Van often unfortunately and when I am it seems I'm going a mile a minute and don't have time to connect with anyone 
Good morning all.  Gloomy day today. I wish it was like Saturday. 
Anthropology is fun... but can sometimes be tedious 
@antheia awesome! unfortunately i can't even watch game 4.   so, keep me in the loop for game 5 or round 2! 
@VibeMagazine Oh wow! I wish I was in NYC this week  Are you going to be Tweetin' from the event?
@courtneypaula how was it starting back to school?just sitting in the lib and its sooo sunny outside 
@criticalmass always have to find a way to hate on the leafs..   poor leafs (mousing over the title)
@TheFuckingQueen Wishing you a happy birthday for tomorrow. I'd come round to the Palace but I'm in Manchester tomorrow which blows 
today is most certainly 'one of those days'. . . someone is bound to get cussed out &amp;&amp; it won't even be purposely. blahhh 
Good morning Twitterville!  Happy Monday.  Record high temps in L.A. today and of course I have to be at work.  
No work on Marathon Day! This morning, bought fresh bread at Fornax bakery and walked home. Sadly, out of awesome English muffins 
Art and design Fundamental 1st week exercise due next week which is on the 29th of April  so lazy ;(
I feel very annoyed with myself. I have literally done NOTHING for most of today though have got a pile of work to do 
And now it's time to play the game: &quot;How Well Can You Function on Less Than Five Hours Sleep!&quot;  
I went to Laos temple for our New Year's celebration.  I had so much fun, ate too much.  Now I'm back to work 
Hello!  I'm back...funfilled weekend...not really, it rained yesterday  Looking forward to the end of the day!
ready for this semester to be over...dread going to class everyday...not a fun feeling 
this week's not gonna be fun...esp starting it with rainy days 
No one speaks to me anymore  Depressed over it. Off to sleep now. Goodnight
@NBATVEric Are you happy with retirement or do you wish you were still playing? How's the job going on nba tv? I don't get that channel 
sigh doesn't even want to talk about things 
amazing weekend, kissing my life goodbye for the next two weeks though 
Just got home. Shoes were actually killing my feet full on blister style!. Really angry at shoes right now!  Must put them on ebay
@LadyProducHer I KNEW IT TASTED FUNNY  IM SO UPSET
is not so happy 
Wishing I could be celebrating the holiday.  
@ladysov it's it warm.It's sunny but cool here 
@twofootedtackle TRUST me I'll be back.. like a stray cat who never leaves ;) Truth: Tim &amp; briggs were the deal breakers. Canadian haters 
@Joysie2286 Ahh that sounds nice. I'm stuck in a stuffy office  Lol at the image of Rob dressed as Obi Wan! Wonder if he really will!!
attempting to write an essay on Scottish planning law - not fun at all and I'm missing the British sunshine 
@angelastyles had chocolate (no surprise) still not helping no cure for being inside on a sunny day 
Beginning of day of torture. Everyone else will have a very happy 420. I will be in the library 
@steven_9709 mayB wait until they just  release the new 1 then. I got the original 2 weeks before the 3g came out it then halved in price 
@BalderKongen Amazing how dependent we've all come to a bunch of 0's and 1's.  
just gave Joey a 2 minute, enthusiastic Spelling Pep Talk  to which he replied, &quot;Stupid spelling.&quot; 
@BlessedAngel007 I have never tried a energy drink and totally want to but cant yet cause I am still breastfeeding 
is getting ready for work...  Another fun-filled Monday awaits... 
Well I am here at work. Very exciting. I just love Mondays.  At least I have my Jen &amp; my Dick. Happy 420!
@pearlz02 Girl, its not even noon yet, that's no good at all 
@taiQynchina I know.   Unfortunately every company is looking for profits and they all get greedy. Thought netflix was different though..
@x3bubbly ooh why? 
@willsmith727 I think the trick is just not to use CSS -period! Emails seem to have a love affair with tables unfortunately 
I'm lovin this pre summer sun but I wish I was the one out there enjoying for a change 
@psynister @brajana I'm sorry to say that I can no longer function without QH 
@Posediva abeg e.. Dont make fun of me ja re. Noone really knows me, i just like to kid myself that dey do, 
@mlerex Jorge Cham came to Purdue my senior year year! Mark and I went to his talk and it was awesome. Bad timing for you 
iam upset 
my phone silencer is broken and it is oow, awesome 
is annoyed the IPL live stream does not work in the UK #ipl 
Tweetie for the Mac needs to update faster, or have a preference setting to do so. Sometimes, I'm not even sure if its gone deaf 
@oregano42 ew, fisheyes.  if it helps, it's due the day kinsmen opens, which is just awesome. at least i like the topic though
misses Domino Magazine SO much! So glad I have those past issues though...haven't quite found another decor mag like it! 
@joshtastic1 Hiya Josh, very well thanks, enjoyed it through a window lol am working today  and everyone on the phone seems mardy and u?
Lovely sunny day to wait for the school bus! Back to work afterwards though, when I've dropped him with grandma 
My following, followers and updates were all multiples on 10 just now. Now I'm uneasy as 2 are uneven 
Working today morning, afternoon, and evening. 
Finally awake. Gotta work 2:30-7:30  Happy 4/20 
I can't wait for exams to be over and done with...even though summer will suck up here cause I have no car 
Moving to Calif.  has apparently renewed my need for caffeine in the a.m. Just bought beans at Peets. Most beans there not Fair Trade. 
Packing up--leaving NYC  going to dirty Jersey to test drive my new fiesta! #fiestamovement this has been AMAZING
@funkymonky526 Yeah I don't know if she ever will, unfortunately 
Tweetie is the most beautiful twitter app, but functional? Not really  No faves, no growl, small compose, no customizing, ... #tweetie
awesome...above average temp today in good old Phoenix. Not ready for the heat. 
Feeling particularly large today  Anyway Basketball this evening, swimming tomorrow afore pub quiz and gym on friday. Must make it a w ...
Annoyed. In pain...  *angry at womanly troubles* Ouch ouch ouch.
1 exam down. 3 more to go. oh and my 4000 word essay that i am just overjoyed about....NOT. kmn. plz!!! ugh 
sunny weekend is over   It's rain and back to work for me today.  Yay for leftovers from my brother's surprise party!
@gladgladygladys wahhhh. only left calculus.  so shioks. queue N times. Can be as aunty as you want tmr.
likely id10t error but twitter search isn't really that effective - trying to find a tweet about microsoft events link but can't find it 
thinks she might really be getting sick...feel awful today...even though i was in bed by 9.  Need rest.
at school!  i miss him schools funn now that im back im in tec class boreing 
@squashedtomato do you not love me too?  unfair!
i hate my mom when her being like a crazy angry child 
is not always making fun of jews. 
Pittsburgh and Rent were amazing, now back to class 
@lamborghinibow bow you're an ass! i hope your inconsiderate ass stays numb forever! you're not even reading my ideas!! 
ah humpf! at home. amazing weather. and i'm stuck inside revising! ah boo 
@oriridraco No fair! My mail doesn't come till this afternoon.    Hope I get mine today too.
enjoyed her first day back at school! my tights still haven't came 
working from home still doesn't allow you to enjoy the good weather, i'm tied to my desk with no end in sight 
@Adaripp um ya so i basically didnt even rotate it haha  owell next time haha
Sick at home with a miserable sinus infection and drained of any energy 
@OfRatsAndJen sorry to hear it!  glad you found her though!
@BronSt unfortunately I'm also newbie so hoping that others will keep me on track too 
http://twitpic.com/3no8g - YAY. I already miss mcfly  It was awesome!
Morning twitter. I've already been up for two hours. Isn't that horribly sad?  Have a fantastic hot day. I know I'll be bitching nonstop.
Okay. Being a CIS major = not fun A LOT of the time.  Oh dear. My brain is fried thank goodness I'm done in three weeks and counting.
@ddlovato Why the sad face?  Don't Worry. Be Happy! 
I'm trying to figure out how i can get Vista to work with my XP hardware using Virtual PC.  No luck so far and not having very much fun 
@unltdcase Im sure a photoshop wiz will step forward as you expand.  Unfortunately, I'm not that guy.  
After a toasty bonfire I'm watching Yes Man with Deidre! And being irritated by the sunburn on my lips. Btw...Jim Carrey is getting old 
@Jeff drool - sounds amazing!  I'm currently on a no sugar, no gluten, low-glycemic diet and missing wine   try the almond and rice bread!
@RPattzteacher @youngsy79 i want nipple swirls!! i don't even have boobs..i'm a fucking hood.. 
I'm pretty upset about what the doctor said to me today 
Missing my phone, which is at the bottom of the lake, and the marmet is playing with it blissfully 
Very angry. Car got fixed, car broke again.  And the 'rents won't lend me one of theirs! 3 cars, 3 people, everyone should get one!
@angryeyebrows cause i cant even finish it on easy by myself! Besides i have to go see people at gym later 
I am not excited that it is 1:51am and I am doing laundry... 
@HappyAllDays that is seriously sad.  
@britneyspears Sounds awesome!!! Wish I could be there... 
@stooey @jesirose: Yes, thank you very much! I had fun.  TOO BAD I'm a stick in the mud who has to get up in the morning. 
just woke up feeling confused and anxious about upcoming events.. can't like that 
@zouljiin He's on Twitter! But yes. He's awesome, and has an AWESOME! name. And sadly, I know not of the commercial you speak of. 
@trent_reznor And that is why we fans have a bad rep  Though it was kinda funny....
@isajoy haha i hear ya! i wish it was the middle of summer here 
Even the cranberry juice, flu plus and ibuprofen last night seems to have had no impact 
@miranda_jane he was BRILLIANT last year (singin' in the rain and the boys' trio are just a couple) but this year he's fallen  so sad
What am I doing up. It's far to early. I don't even have to be anywhere 
Happy 420! it's almost over 
@livethelyrics i could've dropped his name. you should be glad i didn't drop his four letter name. OH SNAP. sorry b got a twitter 
@thetateway unfortunately, a little too late 
@lone_observer i was working on an issue bro.. some how managed to get it working.. related to repository.. i hate repository.. DBMS 
@dharshana not fine ... tooooo maaannnnyyyy isssuesssss  to be solved before i hit the bed today 
@dharshana it has to be okies else my manager is gonna kick me.. 
Is hating getting up in the mornings and going to work while it is sunny outside..  
Time to go to sleep. Had a long day ( not as long as @Funsize69). Have to leave at six tomorrow morning  goodnight
@ddlovato have fun in London shame I'm not gunna be there though, coz I'm in school!  id love to meet you too,so where abouts in london...
@EvanLowenstein I'm jealous! I want to have jury duty, but I never get picked 
I don't even want to go through tomorrow.i am going to miss him soo much.  
Popped out of the office to check the surf (Manly). Fairy Bower and the beachies are firing! I'm now back at my desk... 
Omfg. Desperate housewives was sooo sad. I never realized how much edie was a part of the show. Now she's gone!! 
@nadinekahlon they sometimes join forces for even more deliciousness! I think I've had more work to do during uni break then during term! 
@bsletten Unfortunately, Total Recall didn't fit the 80sday tag  &quot;See you at the party Richter&quot; XD
Sorry, but they're will be no porn stars report this evening cuz one of my girls pissed me off so bad today I can't gather myself for it 
@AngelEyezL look like it'll be expensive  but still awesome!
i was so excited because it said that we the kings were following me.. but it was just some stupid place for free ringtones 
@senseiphwoar I'm doing so much homework   i want to do fun stuff instead.
Disappointed!  Not only is Pepsi Throwback nowhere to be found in Yakima, WA, no one has even heard of it!  I am so bummed!  #throwback
Another b-e-a-u-t-iful spring morning... And I'm unable to enjoy it 
@Saknika Man. Hope everything works out with Steve  Not gunna be able to donate to a 'Help Steve Fund' budgeted around your Dojo
is hot. hot. hot.  it's not even summer yet.
is going to grab a nice, hot cup of coffee  Unfortunately, I have to go out in the cold to get it 
@GirlsGoneChild Yes finish it, but the end won't be as good as the rest of it.    Glad I read it nevertheless.   #prosehos
Had a loong day with my mom...even missed Chuck  oh well....
@Angrybeth Think breakie at venue starts at 9:30. Am in different hotel so dunno about your local breakie 
@caseysevenfold I miss you too bby  I can't sleep without talking to you &lt;/3
weyhey it's my birthday &amp; lovely &amp; sunny outside but have to go into the office today  Maybe I'll get to do some thing nice this evening?
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3ol72 - @ Selamxo, don't say that   OMJ, this is so awesome, i can't wait.
@Lmphotos it was about child porn and columbine and not fun happy things!  I like the happier epi's
reading and going to bed. it's hot in my room. nawesome. 
the heat is unbearable (40+ degree C) even today..Met office says same conditions for the next 2 days  #summer09
is sooo gloomy. 
@CarriBugbee SoMe one doesn't read their tweets... I passed along unfortunate Les passing news this wknd. He will be missed indeed. 
new Mike Tyson documentary is amazing. that guy is so complex and sad for him 
@archbomb Hey you! I am! I like it a lot! Open invite to visit! It's awesome but I miss my ppl. Get homesick sometimes. (aka, today  )
@robson01 I only played for fun in college 
I love @audible but just spent entire evening trying to get an audiobook to my phone. Me &amp; my new bald patch are going to bed. No story. 
is wondering if the tweens these days even know what the word &quot;respect&quot; is anymore! How can kids talk to adults the way they do?  
What a shitty 4:20 this year! No Luck, and no Fun! 
182 updates for me....... lame that i got excited over that. i really want the new blink album stat 
Woke up sick. Missed out on outing today so not very happy about that.  Whoever brought up the flu in humanity, I hope you burn and die.
Just woke up and have to get ready for school! Oh the joys!  here we go, and also morning all!
@Lis311 I can't do the deuce.  it's waaayy to packed.  could we even hear eachother in there?
i got all happy cuz i got an email from thomas...but it was just an adisson newsletter.  i thought it was a REAL EMAIL! *palm to forehead*
No Green Day tour dates near here.  This will be fun though http://tinyurl.com/df8j3b
@Dilerius I agree! even though I dont have school tomorrow/today I still have to revise all day! 
ORA TNS:No Listener... even the Ora db stopped listening after last night 
@r_banks i'm offended, your comment about not letting chubby people in the bridge night club, i'm chubby, thats not nice, 
@adrienne_j good stuff. Unfortunately I'm on the Touch and can't listen in 
@easmart i hate time difference, this epicness sounds amazing,  see you on friday 
Son of a bitch! Damn this game makes me so angry... There go my points. 
Not feelin 2 good  Jus finished watchin for the love of ray j it was very unexpected hope he is happy tho
@Trayo i miss my buddy! how u livin....away from the east! funny how i went back to the east and u left! 
the start of another day - a paperwork day  I bet it will be sunny outside
@rampantheart I've been good did some fasting from twitter no fun 
Totally jealous that @neongreencookie is enjoying an Izze right now and I'm stuck with tap water 
@QuotableBuffy Hmmmm I think I Robot, You Jane is my least favourite ep.  (If I'm even referencing the right episode I don't know!)
have a sudden feeling of low self worth.  hence the disappearance of my happy happy mood. 
hairdryer blew up...not a happy 
@atlanticmelody doesn't sound very fun   did you manage to hide in corners?
@PaulaAbdul So excited! I hope it's a good week! Too bad we have to see 2 idols go  But there will be dancing! Knock Kara off the stage.
@Liannemosphere we all know someone like this, unfortunately.  don't waste your time!
I never get tired of listening to awesome Wicked tracks. &quot;But that doesn't soften the ache we feel, when reality sets back in&quot; 
@tinkslovesj have you seen that Sky+ app? lets you control stuff from your iPhone! I'm into Gossip Girl ok?I'm not proud if it 
My night started out so much fun.. ended in a frantic call to Go &amp; Hil, followed by a stealth rescue. Guys in Iowa are weird, dude. Fuck. 
&quot;Soft swirls of cherry bliss with a distinct pouty peak!&quot; I have fallen in love with pinkberry and we don't even have it over here! 
Do u think pinkberry would deliver overseas?! I have fallen in love and we don't even have it over here  I am so deprived!
@tinkslovesj have you seen that Sky+ app?  lets you control stuff from your iPhone! badass. i'm into Gossip Girl ok? i'm not proud of it 
first day back at skool was fun 
@MichaelMidnight Crap, so there are no more free passes? I haven't even heard of this event til now. No fair 
alone again........i still dnt no why he did wot he did ....it hurt....it made even more upset 
back to college uhhhhhh  had an awesomeee easter break though, like really
people are such asses, poor Nichole, she just wanted to sing and make fun videos of her cute doggy, until Perez made her a huge joke 
swollen glands really hurt.. i cant even eat/ drink anything and it hurts to speak!  
@Fungible Cool stuff always happens when I'm at work. 
alone again........i still dnt no why he did wot he did ....it hurt....it made even more upset 
A baby bird fell out of it's nest &amp; onto my patio this morning.. &amp; I didn't even get a chance to say hello to &quot;Mary Jane&quot; on her birthday 
Its cold and gloomy 2day 
made it home. not even 5 yet - yay!! gonna make some awesome green chicken curry dor dins! maybe watch a cool movie...on the couch..alone 
http://tinyurl.com/cazj2x  -- something bittersweet.    &lt;3
ohh i so sick - i got seasick from sitting on a fit ball all afternoon - is that even possible! ahh i need to go home 
Just saw a poor wee dead cat. Very upsetting. 
just got hom and im kind of sad  t man where are you with that funny shit
@MelissaMarie8  And sorry about Fergie! I never even went cuz I couldn't afford to buy his book  Next time I will let u know 4 sure!
@theclairemarie I'm jealous!  We tried like every opportunity in Houston but never did win 
Bummer 1 of my followers ditched me  Mustn't be that exciting! such a lovely day in melbourne today, makes you feel happy to be alive
about to leave for lab.... I hope that, unlike yesterday, I won't be there for 12 hours just to have a negative result 
@marginatasnaily I wasn't well before, and now I'm even worse.  I'm literally having a breakdown right now. x
You guys left lynns!   I wanna have fun day tomorrow... @v_simmons
is doing some tv commercial compiling for the station till the continuity systems is fully operational 
Secret Confession: I sleep with the fan or air conditioning on year round, even in Winter. It drives certain people crazy O.o I need cold 
@lynfunkstar I'm so jealous 
omg all the tweets i'm missing  Bones is cute this evening though, feels like an Agatha Christie.: omg all the.. http://tinyurl.com/cdyoud
Must've slept funny last night - ouchies! 
Meeting new people is fun and not so fun 
@brightkite Yet still no BlackBerry app? Glad your have been listening 
Loves the sunny weather! But have to work anyway 
@amazingphoebe mmmh  i'll see you soon then 
feeling alright considering my hour and a half of insomnia due to a stuffy bedroom! Was not happy...I love my sleep! 
@stevethecyclist unfortunately, don't have much experience or knowledge about free video editors. 
:what i want is what most women have, some even more than 1.While I am waiting patiently for mine, I see others abuse what they have!! 
@Dribb keep on smiling, even tho you have loads of essays  Day 2 of Summer Term @ School.... argh ..... 
is not celebrating his birthday with him 
Just made twitter profile..not sure bout username..hey ho! This could b fun..loving hellskitchen, missed end of last nights show 
@sharetheview We all are, but its really unfair we can't do that 
Archiving/Mothballing  many years of content.  Biggest folder in the last 10 years was called ProjectMayhem. 
@diplobrat Two related, but independent clauses.  Damn, I must be a closet English nerd 
Feeling very sick and hurt I want to vent so bad but I don't feel like talking to anyone not even my bff who understands everything 
frustrated! i can't upload my pic 
On my way to school in oxfordshire, happy that my day ends at 11:40 AM today due to me being off games for another 6 months 
@MichaelMidnight The event is 'invite-only'  http://tinyurl.com/c7nusl
@nicolerichie have fun in Toronto!! It was crazy cold today 
@PKGough also gaga goes ga-ga for HER tea cup http://is.gd/tC0H 'her obsession with crockery...' yup. unstable 
Morning dear people, looks like another glorious day in sunny Ashton. However, I shall be stuck indoors getting my draft ready for Friday 
@DianetheAmazing i should... wish i had smarties 
@dajve Hehe hey hey! This is far too early.. and I don't like it!  My eyes are malfunctioning haha *waves back* xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
morning all. lovely sunny day to be stuck in the office again 
@catchthesunx same  well, i'm glad they're going though, BUTIREALLYWANTTOGOASWELLANDIHATEITWHENALLTHEYDOISTALKABOUTHOWMUCHFUNTHEYLLHAVE.
up, washed, cleaned, wee'd, eaten, packed lunch, ironed and its 20 past 8, amazing! had a rough nights sleep! 
I'm late for work, the train is rammed, I have no paper, no coffee and it's sunny outside. 
I still haven't started homework yet  I suck.  Sure wish it was the weekend and that it was raining.  That would make me happy.
Back to college, no fun 
cant wait tomozz i have to go to workk yay soo noott happy 
@jamiekennedy any info regarding scream 4 reached u?i hope it doesn't happen  loved you in Criminal Minds btw.the twist was awesome!
Another sunny day here in Holland, need to go to school soon 
Damn man. I don't take bad news well at all, and the shit wasn't even that bad. But my dog is like my best friend yall. I &lt;3 My Snoop. 
@ChapStique: Sorry to hear about your knee Chappy. 
Omg! I got a flat tire. So glad i haven't driven it out of the carpark. Meep 
Damn it!  I want to go to Lollapalooza, but it is in Chi Town   Grr  Has an AWESOME lineup with DM, Tool &amp; Beastie Boys just to name some.
Twitter is pretty much legal stalking....And I like it...even though I onlt have 7 followers. 
Good morning tweeples... I hope it is as bright and cheery as yesterday for you all. Even though I am still stuck in the office today! 
twitter is alright i guess.. finally finished the most boring paper EVER, and missed out on a joyous holiday  but im still not tired.
@pyang I ate 2 bags of chips today.  +1 orange. That's like net negative 1. At least they were sunchips.
Happy 20th anniversary, Game Boy! Too bad I don't have mine anymore 
Twitter is basically legal stalking...and I like it...even though I only have 7 followers. 
@JanneJanne So far no specific questions have been answered. Not even who is in charge then, only that the mods of TiB are not. 
eating shapes... school was gay.. i got spear tackled &amp;&amp; that hurt like hell.... it wasn't even on grass!!  no more dancing 
Was up early to work. Soooo glad i did, got lots done. Takin the pooch to the vet now for booster 
*sighs* I wonder when can I upload my website's design. Everyone's too busy to even integrate it in wordpress 
@DJSlikk aw man!  I HATE when that happens!   hopefully the new one will b even better!
dying slowly in the lib  graduation doesn't even seem close
@AmyyVee It makes me so sad  But hey!! She's an icon non-the-less. ? She's really funny as well after about that 5-minute mark hehehe
Schoooool  They better not make us go on that biology trip on thursday when the rest of school is off. I shant be a happy bunny. -____-
@Tittch Ha!! I'll teach you to cruelly reject me as you did yesterday. I would've enjoyed a day out with the girls... 
@GordonKelly No  that would have made it even more awesome though!
@Dreamyeyes Yes, it's awesome, and without you keeping check on things, I would procrastinate a lot [ahem no I don't!]!  You rule!
is a sad panda  not even our awesome in-house technician could fix my ipod
Damn, it upsets me when I find rendering issues in Safari, I always assume it's spot on. Random overflow redraw issue 
unfortunately work rears it's ugly head again. looks like today is gonna be a mostly offline day 
@IdolNews yes they should've!!  he's amazing!!  he's probably go home though.  he doesn't seem to be a favorite.  
@iamdiddy DK is all I can think about these last few days!Those 5 women affected me. wont be the same again, even if there is another DK. 
im totally lost when no one can help me. i feel totally helpless and hopeless 
Tonsils the size of golf balls, sweating and burning up yet still shivering, headache, too weak to stand up = funfunfun 
Day 5 of staying in bed trying to sleep this illness off. Fun times... or not 
and it's even a day after 
@jennifer_regan I wish I had some eyebrows worthy of Matts attention but alas I have fair sparse eyebrows 
has finished her dissertation aaaand handed it in. now, she has essays to write, and is sat inside not enjoying the sunshine 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3ol72 - you guys look so amazingly beautiful!!!! so grown up too... 
easter show was so much fun! such a great day! but now i have sooo much homework to do 
@carrielinn83 that wasn't funny 
@idolnews i was glad they saved matt but i jave a feeling hes going home this week 
@angusgibbins Umm........ actually not even possible on 2 days a week wage 
@happysorceress: Oh dear  What did he get you?
@mary_kate_olsen FUNNY! ...yet so so true. N those cds TOO. &quot;Brother 4 sale&quot; n what not. U pimped me as a child in the 90s.  LOL!
well the lounge wire renovation went really well, we can now watch Tv And the projector at the same time. Back at work, not happy 
@bayboy_4real what? you're hurting my feelings  I didn't even do anything!
@happysorceress: Oh dear  What's the model? Is it just crap quality photos or is the camera too fidgety?
gonig to do some homework  not fun. not fun at all.
That juice was so delish, but now i feel even more sick 
@ExMi misery loves company... glad to see i'm not the only bad news bear today. 
At the IBM Edinburgh office, thinking about coffee. Glad that Ethernet now works on MBP as it's really the only option here 
Went to the eye dr and I didn't get worse in 2 yrs!  Amazing!  Have insurance and I still had to pay $200 for new no designer glasses. 
@Cloizzle Boom Boom! Lol. My favourite was character was Voice Over Man, he was funny. Damn! I miss that show .... 
I hate those lonely hours between midnight and 6am. I wish my ex was a better man, I really do.  Why am I even thinkin bout his dumbass?!
trying 2catch up on news &amp;everything-working long hours sometimes sucks BIG time  -I hate 16hrs days with a passion - 18hrs even more so
@iba_o  i don't even know anymore 
@edit1media Seriously. All work and no beach makes Steven a pale boy. 
Another lovely day that im not going to enjoy because im in solitary confinement 
not even showers can save me 
i didnt even get a full 24 hours out of it ..my boyfriend is being an ass and i have to wake up 4 hours  im so tired
Still waiting for that delivery... must leave in 15 mins even if it's not there 
@ringleaderr http://twitpic.com/3oz2s - ahahaa i live like 2 blocks away from the americana and yet i didn't even get to see fred  hahaha
@Zanthina He took 1/2 of yesterday off but we can't afford for him to miss work.  My parents are going to help us in the evenings. \
@gmacdaddy and yet not even a fraction seem to know where to pay their dues...  maybe i don't get out enough 
@K1LLa add being sick to that  miserable
@tweetie still don't get trought the proxy even with HTTPS 
is annoyed he couldn't get his hands on Carl cox tix 
@Raaaawwwwrrrr  Yea I don't teach it anymore since my liver started being disfunctional (i dont think i spelled that right) 
@eastrees82 i know how u feel Vicky! Nearly didn't get myself this morning! It's too sunny to be stuck in an office today  how u been?
I've had 2 hours sleep!! Fun Fun 
poo morning. just found out my mates buying a house. i cant even get a job. some people dont realise how lucky they are 
@bhtrezevant Just about to sign off after a gorgeous sunny day in Melbourne, 25C ...soaking it up as winter is on the way 
The FED EX delivery man just came. Don't get excited. It wasn't my D60.  *Heart broken*
@katediamond Unfortunately not -- my Virgin TV package doesn't include sky1   Will have to get the boxset once released
Rush hour traffic was ridiculous this morning  I am full of hell before I even start work grrrrrrr
picking eyebrows is NOT that much fun.. 
not the least being my tummy's upset. (the othr is unassuageable guilt. y don't i just march right up 2 wilbr &amp; tell him he's delicious?) 
Back home, minus a car until tomorrow and feeling rather depressed 
unhappy  the office is very serius now 
@DSmoove So jealous you went to Disney!!!! 
@Lilylauren that's not fair -I would settle for 7 hours sleep - but it never seems to happen 
@joycescapade gambaru! everyone seems to be jumping onto the Twitter bandwagon now. 
@Xnake They are, but normally they do not interact with others...sorry if I have offended you 
awake and preparing for Rixt's funeral 
is back in school  but is happy i just gavin and stacey back...great shoW!
@editevening dude  I tried to go back to look but I was too late
The men in blue ended beach fun in the name of Spare the Air Day.   Oh well. At least being quick on my feet kept us from being ticketed.
tired as. stressing out, essay due in 5 days not even half way through..  I know indian Bahi means brother, a way of respecting a guy. lol
http://tinyurl.com/dhjpyz (via @addthis) I had to cancel this sale. I left my first negative feedback 
finally got my pad thai.. it was amazing and shrimp free. yum! have a headache...at work... hope it doesn't turn into a migrane 
@Ptah_ Some kids at work got their ruddy money as well, not I yet  Checking hourly. Kevin-oh-seven!!!
is excited to go parasailing tomorow! and.. dosent want to go away this weekend 
@PushPlayCJ : okay so personally, I'm not too happy with this move from Long Island of yours. 
Thrilled about no more classes for the semester....not so thrilled about exams in 3 days....dreading the day everyone leaves AA for good 
@cassiewho like, nothing. work. funerals. bf. hanging out. it's so boring and shit ahaha. i remember the days when i used to be cool 
@teamdangerrr Still. Why'd put that picture?! To make fun of me?! 
back at home after an awesome weekend Amstel Gold race! Do miss Tara a lot 
yesterday sunny, today raining no wonder someones always ill!!! 
SOO MANY UP COMMING EVENTS SO LITTLE MONEY 
hockey training was such a fail tonight, coach didn't even turn up and then had to go home 
@kevatkinson morning! im not feeling too good today!  hope your enjoying the sun!! 
My computer has a virus and that is not fun 
Feeling less grumpy today. Hayfever still fairly prevalent. At least it is 'cake Tuesday' at work... Tescos after work tonight 
I can't even watch the hills cuz I have no cable  buttttttt I can watch it online! Yay!
to read or not to read. I'm trying to enjoy Twilight slowly, but its a good read damnit. I should sleep, I have lots to do tomorrow  boo
@yoitsandrea There's a difference between making fun of you and thinking that the picture was funny though. Sorry. 
Another beautiful warm sunny morning, wish I hadn't woke up and remembered that my job will be no more  well woke up from only 2hrs sleep
I just wanted to say...some people really freaking SUCK! Apparently not even &quot;friends&quot; are above stabbing u in the back.  so depressing.
 it was announced that I am officially leaving work, I thought I'll be happy to quit work. Oh, well, I am going to manage my own business.
@Nasef It's not fair  btw how is internet speed in heaven? what they are using? 3g/wifi/wimax/broadband?
In english listening to alice doing her own impression of hoedown throw down. funny as! however the coursework we're doing isnt funny 
@CHRISDJMOYLES I live in SIngapore so listen to show day late  It's Monday for me now! But video ruining Gordon Smart would be brilliant!
@KimBlairwitch - even the milk was off this morning, so no cup of tea! I hate weeks that start like this 
Train today. No bike for me- incredible backache 
is frustrated with men yet again. I've been cigg free for 72 hours officially and have no one to say &quot;YAY NIZZA!!&quot; yay me... whooo. 
@ExocetAU that's exactly what I wanted... Even tried to drag one out, but it was a false hope. 
stuck in the office, it's gorgeous outside! and i get to spend my lunchbreak in the dentists today - how unfair! 
i am upset coz im getting majorly screwed over by my boss 
Cold &amp; miserable in Pta today. Not looking forward to winter  #fb
Another sunny day - fab - but now time to work 
And so another shit day draws towards the end...didnt even get a single present 
@MrsBeckie that's bad, bad, bad... I don't function without tea 
doesnt under r formula &amp; trigo functions! 
@mileycyrus YOU'RE IN ROME! i'd do anything to get out of geography,  Have fun!
@Don_J aw i soo jealous.. the rain has now started here  *gettin on plane*
 can't believe the jumpers are gone...i'm really depressed now.
Hello Mr Ferrari at Silvertone, I wish I did know something about the Farrari you called about, unfortunately my name isn't Francesco 
Accidents in the rain are fun. My book is all wet 
@xFrankieMonster LOL yeah hes not the best looking of men to be fair ... I'm sooo bored  .. should of gone to work lol xxx
Well off to bed I go for real this time LOL! Nothing to do and I dont even know how early I gotta get up?? Thats sad 
still no work  this is so not fun being unemployed!! So many resumes and no responses 
@rumblepurr They are being stingy with the treats just now cos of my weight  I wouldn't even purr when they stroked me, I was so miffed!
@Yael_80 trouble of the rich. I cant even get a decent BBerry from Orange Israel.... waiting for over 1 month now 
@McJayxo awesome (Y) @AussieMcFlyFan Heeey, join the club.. hairdressers just dont understand how i ever want me hair 
@antairgames Of course, we all know the app approval process isn't fair. That's life. 
picking up Twilight tomorrow and probs going to NRMA  im only happy to b getting TWILIGHT not the nrma
It's not sunny... 
Someone I know once said he felt as unaffected as a satellite and I have never understood how horrible it felt until now. I'm sorry 
i've lost my ipod and am thoroughly depressed. how can i hit the gym without ac/dc to motivate me ... 
@PaulaJoye Im in pain just looking at it 
@Splodz stop it!! ;) My nearest one is 25 miles away and not in a direction I would go  life is so unfair!!
cheated on.. hmm.. feels.. awesome.. everyone's sleeping. blah. 
@minasmusings That does not sound awesome 
I have just completed 1/2 of my OQ testing. It's funny when some of your cohorts are also online at 1am. None of us have lives obviously 
@Jakeshears LTROI is awesome. Surely u'd seen this before? So wish Scissor Sisters were on the Lollapalooza bill  It needs a little glam.
Enjoyed going to sac today even tho it was only for a little bit... i need to sleep 
@ClaireHammond glad i'm not the only one. It's hideous. Someone should get shot! 
doesn't wanna reach Cheras at SEVEN in the morning tmrw. 
@Alison_Claire Related? Oh god, I don't want inbred children 
missing the conversation.. eventhough i don't know what kind of normal &amp; ordinary conversation we actually had.. i just wanna share .. 
got such a busy week ahead of me  blahhh, this is gonna be fun :|
love the sun, summer clothes, bbqs and happy faces but not the fact that i can't sit outside and make the most of it 
doing a stupid exam for 2 hours which we were not told about.bored and not happy 
@peterdonald Good morning. Unfortunately I've got to work at base most of the day. 
oh happy days    australiain NOW only in recsion? i thought we were already there at christmas, weren't we?
My DK &quot;Rainbowpants&quot; isn't showing up in the Armory even though she's almost 62. What bugs me more though is the 8 other chars named that 
@abbey_johnson Got an aching swollen foot..on crutches atm, not fun at all 
another sunny day today! Shame I'm stuck in a dark office 
Such a gloomy day for Kartini's Day 
Not at JAX today (I have to work  ). This evening I will be back in Mainz,
cant sleep... even tho i want to soo much 
@tommcfly  GOOD LUCK! i bet it will be amazing- i totally wish i had the money to go to one of the dates 
Trip was fantastic, love the USA to bits. Not sure how the timezones work but earlier i was in times squ, now in terminal 1 
What a lovely way to wake up...screaming fucking match!! college in a couple of hours the joys. Heads thumping. Can't talk! 
Still warm inside, and outside I hate broken AC  I can't stop thinking about these two amazing girls who I love to death
@AlteracVolley what about a search function for headlines? i know there is a topic about trinkets for priest, but cant find it 
is really upset about close friends moving 
@thisgirlhaslove I'm glad you're enjoying the holidays. I'm back at uni this week.  Though admittedly, I only go two days a week anyway.
Heading to bed... Going to McCann later today to finish up some paperwork... Feeling depressed  IDK why
My LCD color has turned pink. Thankfully, I still had some warranty on the card but now I don't have a spare monitor. Using sis laptop. 
@stevecla damn, makes me want even more now 
I hate having to study on a sunny day... 
Stay calm, staaaay caaalm!  ...this day is awful!  Imagine beginning your day with approx 20 fees type up and send out argghh!! crappy! 
(MAN) back in blighty, with free internets on my iPhone. Vegas was fun but got work piling up to do now 
@scottcabal I'm working in the the evening  but could do daytime for sure. COFFEEEEEE
very depressed! Feels unloved 
@awesomepam That /would/ be weird to see. I hate fighting.    
Come ON Premiere. You take so long to render lately. Why? I iz upset 
Wishing I was in South Africa today even though its a gorgeous day in Blighty 
ok, using gwibber. Not stable but good on Ubuntu. Ping.fm is buggy 
following and being followed may be excited but i don't have enough followers yet 
@nikkikikicoco il b fine!! im never ill- wierd!!! But i always get a a coldsore on the day of my hols! haha and   happy days! x
@ddlovato Enjoy it!  I miss it. 
@Kaitlyn418 yay another c-town person, there really ain't that many, gong is far  The Catho!! awesome i might bump into you one day!
@SpanglySi  Harrumpf... lucky you, it's raining up this way!! No fair. 
Back 'home' from wonderful Ireland. Miss it ridiculously already  had the most wonderful time ever!
I want, I want, I want, an Elinchrom Ranger Quadra Kit - fantastic piece of kit. I think it'll have to go on my wish list 
@Wossy I am glad someone wins in your offers, still waiting for my prize from your holiday photo quiz...?? 
FriendFeed doesn't accept the link I copied even though I followed the instructions  Ahh well!
@lize_kay thats fantastic  im tired 
Been procrastinating way too much this morning. Finally sitting down to some work. boring day to day. All report work. Nothing fun to do 
God I am so bored  I am stuck in college with lots to do and no one to talk to for me to get distracted  so unfair!!!! xx
@awesomepam I got mine with JB and still haven't got it.  It BETTER be here tomorrow or I'm complaining!
It's sunny!  But I'm still on the Dole 
Is wishing event ticket companies wouldn't buy up all event tickets and resell them at crazy ass prices! 
@melrose_k i had to record it  but i'll be watch it later...i'm excited
@melrose_k i had to record it  but i'll watch it later...i'm excited
Not a happy dream  Lauren was evil and set loads of stuffs on fire! Like my house. This means I'm very tired from waking up early :/
Can't believe the killed off Eddie in Desperate Housewives, that sucks 
Yesterday was really sunny but today it's heavy rain. Typical Scottish weather 
jazz_santi follows me now, hes freaking awesome, a great supririsie to wake up to...especily if u wear to be in school like 4 hours ago 
oracle buys sun/java  but this is fun: top ten reasons java developers fear oracle buyout: http://is.gd/tzuU
I've been working almost non-stop that I feel out of touch with the rest of the world - no time for tweets or events 
Depressed that on such a sunny day the only bit of it I will see is the two minute walk from Victoria underground 
Sunny day. Stuff to do. 
Just woke up from having a horrible dream..i can't even get back to sleep now 
@walkley George, glad you enjoyed! Sorry I haven't mailed back yet! Not in london 
is annoyed at the lovely day outside but has work to do b4 she goes to work  any1 wanna go for me?
Cant be bothered going to work this afternoon,  xxx... BuT IaM sO eXcItEd AbOuT GoInG tO IrElEnD On ThE 7th Of MaY xxx &lt;3
I had forgotten just how bad ankylosing spondylitis could be. I can't even move without the feeling that I am being stabbed in the hip 
@chrispople Oh noooo! That's really shit.  I'm sorry. Get out in the sun and enjoy it.
@erincharlotte hey im not sure whther this Manchester is the UK Manchester, im duped, i was so looking forward 2 it and so excited... 
Enjoying mine starbucks caramel nut coffee mmmm although I woke up to early after a night nba playoffs 
Bought bubbly water instead of plain one. Should have known those bubbles are on the label for a reason. Still fail at Finnish 
@CocoFontana your twit about the parent enraged me. it's sad that people like that are still living. 
Damn another sunny April day outside while I am stuck in the gloom inside  Roll on Friday!
It is sunny outside. It is not in here. That = 
Hope JSL is feeling better. 103 last night scared me &amp; made me feel bad for &quot;deserting&quot; him &amp; my wife to go to my grandmother's funeral. 
@tommcfly goodluck on your tour. Play your heart out, Cant wait 4 the next time ur in OZ Hope you have Fun Touring! so whish i was going 
Is in the worst Hotel ever. Wishing i was at home being drunk and fun with justin 
last night's town council meeting: the water &amp; sewer funds are going broke and we may have to raise the rates 
is hating life...no funtimes today, assignment time instead 
@WollemiPine a constructive evening. Me have just gibbered away for two 'n half hours on here. Nearly time to head out. 
@foolandtheopera You got to see Star Trek??  Jealous!!!!!
Sunny All Week, Then I Get A Day Off Work And It Rains TYPICAL  x
@sophs_3 jealous! I wanna make biscuits! 
omg cant believe anthea got twilight before i did.... ummm so not fair 
@Jodeenahh Thats 2 CUTE!omg !its sad,so if he doesnt enjoy BlogTv showz,then he must make YouTube videos sooner,he makes vidz 2 late... 
was upset because spongebob wasnt on last night 
Lovely sunny day in Maastricht. Wish I was not stuck in the office 
@AlisonFreed  That's sad   Even though I am not sure how I feel about her choice to keep the child, people should not be so heartless.
i'm alive today! but also very upset we better have got the right tix or will be able to get them or i might cry. 
@anthonybaxter unfortunately I don't have a ladder...and I live alone! 
WHY IS IT NOT NICE OUTSIDE TODAY THIS UPSETS ME WAHAHKJASHDASJ 
@AshFoo stop being lazy.  i want to be off with you. Unfair.
It's not fair that world have different time zone  I have no one to talk with 
@JakiCullen @angiesheep I'm so excited for the set visit as well. aww, that sucks angie     Oh jaki, damn. I always forget to watch it!
@flyyoufools Unfortunately I'm on mobile right now. Powercut 
@ParisCarney: gah!  I would totally love to go!! But, I'm too far away sadly!!Good luck!Eventhough you don't need it bc you'll be great!
@turquoisefairy ooh jealous! I need to get some new yarn. I missed the swapshop yesterday 
missed the pinging  oh well, super happy fun time at work
Must get caught up with organizing my genealogy data. The searching is more fun. Orgganizing results too much like work. Life is hard 
in school meant to be doing boilodgy work fun 
@StevenGhysel nope, that only works for a single member ..... I don't get it when I select multiple fields 
laughed at passing car loudly (&amp; proudly) playing Bomfunk MC's &quot;Freestyler&quot;. Then the car pulled into my carport. It was my roommate 
Pt was awesome...classes all day...finishing the report then gym....Miss home 
@benjaminvial working unfortunately 
A whole sunny  day to be spent studying Accounting...not my definition of fun. 
is boiling hot in work  but looking forward to this evening 
@Andrew_Skelly The book is great! I couldn't believe you are from TO, I am so proud...  Anyway, I desperately need that workbook 
http://twitpic.com/3ph5e - @carolynwebb Nice and Sunny :-D  Too much work though as well   Im back in UK on monday 
Felicity, are you satisfied now? lol. Man, we havent done the handshake in ages. Cant wait to see all my buddies tomorrow. I miss them 
Ben &amp; Jerry's free cone day and I didn't get any  booooooooooo the kiasu Singaporean in me is unhappy.
@MissCay glad you are fine.  Sorry about eczema on arms  Anything particular u r anxious about - or just normal?
Realizing that even with all my efforts and time here I'm still a Turist in Finland... maybe even in Life. 
is enjoying another sunny day off work, but has to go to the dentist later 
OH SO HAPPY!!!.. well, no, in fact SAD!! 
how come i never win anything: #lg15 #harpersglobe #harpersisland #thelast no tshirt not even a badge! 
@jacuzzijo that's great! maybe you can teach our grp Python; HR just rejected our funding request for Python training. 
@amandacolbert  that just means u can rest &amp; party even harder when finals 4 over! lol
Have I timed picking up Thai with the start of NCIS perfectly? Yes, the answer is yes - I was so excited I left my umbrella in the shop 
I have far too much work these days.  It's also the spring, it's supposed to be sunny 
@idlemichael I would take you up on that sir!  Unfortunately I'm away though 
chocked on the wonderful sweet tasting rainbow.--ISKITEL! 
Good Morn. Last day of the hols for mee  Did anyone watch secret milionnaire ? those people are so inspirational. Really makes me think.
@ElBeardo twitching noises, doesn't boot.. went to scotsys and couldn't even access via FW..its just broken 
@karen_stfu eww! A walk at 7am wouldn't even have been fun  I feel for you.
choked on the wonderful taste of the sweet rainbow  -ISKITELSSSSSSS :O
@davescook Bloody hell! Sounds like you had an awesome day.  I only just got up, and have an essay to do. 
planned to do some umbraco-things this week, so far, didn't touch anything related yet 
is frustrated that i have been choca blocka for the past two days but have yet to tick a single item off my to do list 
@zackalltimelow happy birthday zack! i have 2 go 2 school 2day  im gonna make you a cake when i get home though. 4 days till the md show!
im in work AGAIN cant wait to go home , still feel funny from my migraine i had last night !! 
@georgia_a_c lol, i wish! long story short, my friend sat next to him and got to talk to him, and i didnt. and now im upset. 
Oh man! I wasted my 300th update. Upsetting. 
@nancetron I'm a sucker for a happy meal 
didn't sleep...getting ready then going to my grandmother's funeral 
12 hours later WAN is magically back up, no one can say why it went down or why it came back ... awesome 
@Alska @dragonkeeper I didn't make it even halfway through the show I was so tired  I actually fell asleep with the tv on for once!
...NOT liking this gloomy weather... 
@JLSOfficial Ha Ha . Awwww Not Ganna Be Me Only Got 75  X But Anyways So Happy to Here From You Guys . !
going to bed. cant wait to wake up and greet the day with a sunny outlook and an overwhelming need to do things for others.  its hopeless.
school. pe today, oh the joy! 
@_brenna, she's playing in London tomorrow  I wanted tickest unfortunately couldn't get any. 
Brilliant sunny day and I'm stuck in doing work  Good news is that loan came today! New trainers and KFC methinks
just got from school... nothing new :S the usual... we've got a hike tomorrow  :S that's even worse than classes  we have to many hills xD
Is sat infront of a computer and its sunny outside 
My limewire won't connect agh this is so not funny 
In Swedish class and having an upset stomach 
I paid $2 for a pair of plastic gloves! and she's not even gonna perm her hair 
Getting frustrated, my pot of coffee came out as slightly colored water instead of real java.  Back to the drawing board 
We're very excited about Free Cone Day, but not excited about getting sick 
@SplashMan I don't have to put on the red dress either, but I like to, even though it clashes with my hair. 
Eating lunch..just came back from school with the bike.   I hope these guys have fun eating there ice 
hanging in university  wanna enjoy the weather...
Morning.. Bus ride to school. Grr i hate waking up Early.!   &lt;If Your Happy I'll Be  Happy For You!&gt;
its cold, and im tired and im angry that i deleted that hannah montan movie off my computer 
@zinkr for me it was sausage and egg sandwich, thanks to @k_griffiths I enjoyed it twice 
working on this sunny day 
wasting my time changing for school ... i dont even wanna go 
@TomFelton I'm envious! I still need my wisdom teeth out, they've been giving me horrible aches. 
Had my first 100m this season last sunday and it didn't go so well   And my face got the sunburn XD It was really red..haha but it was fun
Feeling sick and dreading work today... ugh... is it never gonna end... and it hasn't even started yet 
sun is shining, trees are a beautiful green, but inside the airconditioning is way too cold... unfair world 
is enjoying the glorious weather!!! But stuck indoors. 
has a baby with an upset tummy  no school today on a big testing day  hopefully she will feel better for tomorrow
Oh man, what a day. Fighting w/ your boyfriend isn't fun  But it's all good now. 
@Steve_Buscemi Had same phone prank played on myself some time ago-not funny AT ALL-some clients havent looked at me the same since 
It's such a wonderful day... I don't want to revise!!! 
I really bored at work and it's really hot aswell! Not fun 
@brykins Splendid! I was told I looked like a Moomin as a child.  Bit harsh I thought.
its tooo rainy out     i want it to be sunny!!! on saturday its supposed to be 80 degrees which would be AMAZING! i want the heat!!!
@TomFelton Yahoo Answers say cos 'they come in late in the game' amongst other explanations. But there are no funny answers to it 
UGH Tuesday  I don't think I'll be happy til it's Thursday OR Friday
@goodenufmother morning loved your video You even have the head man talking about you. Great. Probable still wont get bag 
grrrr, my replacement iPhone still hasn't arrived! Looks like no fun in the sun for me at dinnertime 
@cgnboy Looks amazing! Cool photo, too. Wish I could come and see you 
Kicking back...feeling good...missing my puppy dogs   but they are going to be so excited to see me when I get home...couple weeks 2 go!
@jarrodwilliams uni is tied to certain suppliers, so unfortunately that's not an option  I did suggest some (*50) pro towers #notlikely
The weather is wonderful and I'm here trying to come up with features for machine learning 
@makefate Glad you remembered! I have auto, &amp; I made the pot last night, but forgot to turn thr auto on. 
getting annoyed with wordpress... I'm using firefox but when people try to read in IE it looks retarded. Battling 
@kimmyg123 what a bitch!  i'm gonna buy a 2 disc edition too even though the single disc one is gonna be $23 at work
Aghhh! This bed is stupid awesome! I don't wana get up!  
9 movies seen during the film festival, 8 to go! Funny how it always seems to be great weather during the festival 
Survivor mode is crazy!!! ...but its not the same without my friends...   Tomorrow it shall be fun!!
wake-up now (14:00), just remember I waked up even in the middle (10:00) and stood up for 2minutes in honor of the 6milion-jewish 
jayseto@KevinSpacey I loved you in American Beauty (which is my favourite movie) and I think your AMAZING.... please visit sydney 
@MsAmeliaBadila no fair! My phone can't show pictures...my answer was based off of what Amy said 
@IncredibleLAGO tell Kelly ass to call me!!!!! 
right about now i would give absolutely annything to go back in time.. even just for one night. i miss my old life.....  pleeeease..?
@rrrrrai me too me too. i miss the modules too!!! being a junior is NOT fun at all. 
@KevinSpacey I loved you in American Beauty (which is my favourite movie) and I think your AMAZING.... please visit Australia 
Comcast Internet just went down. Modem won't reset. I suspect weather related. 
@souljaboy1lady  I don't kknow why somebody nice as you got haters  Take Care!
I'm so aggravated right now. I feel like breaking this computer 
Im still kind of sad about my phone.... And i just put in new ring tonnes that were awesome.... 
@supricky06 I am jealous, I wanna go to Vegas!  hehe
is tired! Why do I bother to even try?  maybe I should just give it all up...
is depressed, lonely, and just feeling poopy 
however, I'm still annoyed that I didn't get to go see Wolvie.  and I'm super pouty about it. my amazing friends better take me later!
my back hurts like crazy, im wishing there was an amazing massage therapist 
is more upset about her hair then she thought was humanly possbile... there's a chunk missing.  awkwaaaard.  
chillin with my sister, really irritated by that someone whose in all my classes! 
Crunchies are awesome! I only have one left now!  Got 80 bars for easter, finished them tonight!
down one follower - ouch  going to bed now - tmr should be fun! fingers crossed! (: WATCH MY YOUTUBE VIDEOS&lt;33 michkalatika !!!
@UneditedVersion  Brilliant? You're sweet.  I better be one of your BFFs!  ;) Even if we're both so busy we don't get 2 chat much anymore 
@Amy_Mayna seriously though...that wasn't fair that I &quot;FAIL[ED]&quot; because I knew what movie Mr. Napkin was from 
@landencelano even if I borded a plane now, I wouldn't make it in time 
i don't like that chicago stole you. @cleasing have fun but come home. 
@DJWood7 oh...that's really not funny! 
I miss living in Manhattan so much that I'm even growing fond of Times Square.  http://short.to/6vpc
@akashopper have fun!!!! Unfortunetly, I have to miss out 
Sitting on the bus, wet and tired. What a wonderful way to spend the evening. I just want to curl into a ball and go to sleep 
wow. my happy mood just went sour in a matter of seconds. 
had too much spicy pasta &amp; my stomach's been angry @ me  aaaoouuwww
bored on a friday night..it sucks.  i wanna go somewhere even though its like 10:30. lol. MGM Dance Team amazin! i miss SHMEB!ST.
im angry.  cant wait for things to go my way
@Ghatna youre going AGAIN??! not fair. its like you got a day out with each parent  go find a house!!
i would enjoy work more if i didnt feel guilty about ppl who have less thn me even though im in need too  just not as bad as some ppl
Not happy after her shots!  it made me sad. I would have taken a million shots 4 her so she didn't have 2have em http://tinyurl.com/c ...
@omgkeyana Aww, CB wasn't there?  But I still wanna see all of the awesome outfits. &lt;3
@legalblonde31 I'm glad to hear she is going good! They kept Danica overnight   when she was spayed 
@jcs0007 @aimeebelcher ps i just did the see you in the dark dance and it's no fun by myself 
@amazingphoebe how was work last night anyway? 
@Jeff_Dodd sorry to hear your days have been less than awesome  i hope your weekend kicks the ass of all your bad days!
@NHsummergirl i'm jealous of your mac n' cheese. i want to make my own but i don't have a pan 
@alexalltimelow the concert was amazing. thanks Stinls that you couldnt sign anythingg  We still love you
@LBopoly lol trifecta. Thats awesome. I bet on the 1st and 2nd horses (exacta) and both times they were 1st and 3rd..I lost all day 
@lilyao im not excited for tomorrow! 
@miimiisweet sounds FUNN 
Home alone and bored... what a wonderful friday night 
Wolverine was awesome! Back to being a jail bird... 
Enjoyed Fabric Workshop &amp; Museum opening, esp. 50-ft white felt inflatable whale and Cardoso Flea Circus. Didn't have my camera   #aam09
is DEPRESSED. She had huge hopes in going 2 see Mark Kanemura in Beaumont 2morrow, only 2 see her dream die. Maybe someday in the future 
3 days and I can't even get excited anymore... I'm sooo sad 
@angrysnowboard i do not check up on you.. much.... twitter knows all and tells all. i thought about it but i ran out of koolaid 
@LovinJK4ever I don't have any to send  otherwise I would be glad to help.
Super bummed. Sectionals is not going to happen eventhough we won and advanced. 
bah i hate having the flu...i cant even sleep  some one come save me!!
SOOOO im happy as always, but im ttly bummed about not having ID to go to Rush 2nite. I jus gave away all my ammo  boo!
@TERRIEION Hey babes the show as AMAZING!!!! Wish you could have been there!  sad face lol
[-O] @TERRIEION Hey babes the show as AMAZING!!!! Wish you could have been there!  sad face lol http://tinyurl.com/cv34do
@LegalCookie Aw.  I *am* sorry! But to be fair, if you're going to say something like that to me, I'm going to be snide. :-P
@evanhr I totally would if I didn't have to study for an exam for a class I haven't even looked at  But, drinks soon?
@kpeneyra don't know why Gmail is so unstable(though is a lab feature), that's why for 5 years, it is still beta? 
bought Portal:Still Alive for myself for my b-day. LOTS of fun, but stuck on puzzle 14 again like last time. 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
I had a funny as heck tweet not go through...that sucks 
Life is just no fun sometimes. My friend and her dad can use some extra prayers tonight. 
 theres nothing to do. this weather is depressing. and im already depressed as it is. 
@Belladawna Sure babe, but I don't tink we have his attention right now.    Sadly because that is some funny shit Irish asked.  LMAO
@kcewing i miss you too already  summer is amazing already.. haha not really but i unpacked everything today and worked. hows yours?
is listening to miserable at best &amp; miss malyda so damn much! 
do something fun please!im feelin' so boring now 
Is super excited to party hardy tommm... Haven't been to a party in a while!!! (&amp; I reaaaally need it) But I first have to endure the SAT 
Butterflies...and...nausea? Not a happy camper. Lil bit pouty 
skullgirl is very jealous of everybody that gets to go to batsday      i hope i can make it next year.
@JoshONeal They're on PS3 because everyone has PS2 joysticks. 
@K_padilla me too! I miss you already!!!  LOL have fun!
Massive headache  Paypal is still stuffed up, so no PWG shirt for me this time. Not happy.
@igster101 I don't think you've joined  think u have to post full URL not the shortened one to join. join if u r interested. should be fun
Loved http://www.myspace.com/musicofblueroses, went to iTunes store, ended up downloading Blue Roses from Smile Smile  Can I get a refund?
@grahamsz glad you're ok, grahams and sarahs!  That still sucks though.  
It's like every time he says 'I love you' he doesn't even mean it!  And when he needs something, he says it! OK, No more ILY from me.
@JKaRcH yeah even the  jonas brother  where pick on by the mean girls of there school,  so sad 
@aneetasee no not after that plane ticket  BUT I'm super excited to see the fam after three years 
@jds0321 i'm sad that i didn't get to hear ellen's call to gladys at work....  
Feeling so blessed that my whole family is asleep safely in their beds and praying for the Pate/Rine families who are grieving tonight. 
@xoMusicLoverxo Awww! That means...oh, I can't even say it. I'll start crying. 
im never happy with my myspace profile 
Another night alone bored in my dorm..... And to think i once had a fun life 
im supposed to be napping...im not, but unfortunately, my hubbie is 
Now I'm up and wide awake!!! Darn mid evening naps...have you up all night 
So upset. I've ruined over 20 peoples entire month of May financially. I think I'm going to cry. Pathetic right? Ugh! And my Mom's.   
@seymone Yeah, I will go. Heaven help me if I don't get it I will be pretty upset 
@ddlovato haha that pic u drew was AWESOME! I would be scared about the flu too  b careful! Stay healthy...I love ur music  Thx so much
I just heard on the news that by the end of this year we'll all get swine flu, even vegetarians  the government is evil
why yes, i am following Tom Felton! hahaha... ah.. it's not funny without Niki here 
@PROUDBLOCKHEAD Sorry you did not win the contest- I did not enter, because of how hectic school and the kids lives are right now! 
e fam events!!  So sad!  
Is excited about my life and how it is moving forward... John goes in for surgery next week  Please keep your prayers with us...
having fun, although have to see Boyds uncle who is dying tomorrow 
@alyson21 good for you!! glad you had a good day alyson!! i missed you and the pep assembly got cancelled anyways lol 
thinks her foot might fall off. its hurt for 5 hours now even after applying denise's miracle cream. Here comes another doctor visit  
Ugh i am so hangry now  need food soon.
is on the highway.. Heading up north.. Unfortunately not for @searchtour  ... Aug 1st can't wait.
&gt;  twitter needs to make the character limit 300 or something. 140 isnt enough especially when you got a really funny joke to say 
@b50 Absolutely agree with that, these are the most elementary tasks related to banking, too bad I ain't acquainted with them 
@PROUDBLOCKHEAD If a GPA of 3.91 is keeping focused then I am doing alright. Although, I should be doing more homework less twitter 
Reading: &quot;Teens acquitted of murder&quot; wonderful to see that justice hasn't changed in 50 years  ( http://tinyurl.com/cfxoem )
Worrying. Like always. It's been a week and we &quot;reserved&quot; the apartment, but haven't been able to contact the landlord 
@DeeMMT some problems with MMT functions and no email for trouble tickets  how to get customer support ???
I'm very annoyed right now  and I don't really know why
@brandyjbean I'm so jealous, it's my weekend to work  so I'm on tonight, tomorrow for 16 hours and Sun BOOO!
@justG Awesome! I never win stuff either 
@Brandon_Bell unfortunately not, gotsta do work at c. Pub!  party 4 me 1 time! XO
Glad i got paid today, but hates that it all goes to bills 
in desperate need of a self-esteem boost   
@officialjobros http://twitpic.com/4diat - really upset because i live in Australia JONAS doesn't come out till June 
why cant people just be happy for me. 
@Legwandsonlyfan Don't worry about the Canes......I gave them a very angry DM after they got their ass kicked by the Bruins.   ( ;) )
SLG, last day n the D  gotta go out w/ a BANG! Toine will def get it right for us lol! Good friends, Good times, Great Fun! Let's Get It!
has lost his tickets to amusement and to have-fun world.... 
all of you that are going to TwiCon...are they sold out of 100monkeys tix?? I couldn't get into the agenda and now its not even listed. 
http://twitpic.com/4dwy1 - Enjoying my week in Florida. Sad that I have to leave this cutie on Tuesday 
@ZOMBIEsnckz @andrewwp dosnt  look likewegonnamakeitout  we r drnk at hams. Andrew enjoy the early 20s, mid 20s are allbout contemplation.
Fun night in philly going back for sure ! On my way back now though 
THANK YOU, my REAL friend.  @just_kap @JackieInChgo  I'm sorry you're sick. more sorry than @sandana09 even
@reaching4amomnt aw   no fun.  I'll have to take your word for it.
Night went sideways.  Now at Maritime Labour Center event.  At a table.  Next to Leninists. 
; weekend  gunna study for my science test, do my socials notes babysit and enjoy the stupid rain thats coming 
have become a little disillusioned with twitter ... no one tweets me 
not feeling my best today. even my makeup looks totally blah. sighs. i don't wanna go to work  i feel agitated as it is
I also scored 141 on an IQ test this evening, and apparently 140+ = genius or near genius. I guessed on the number sequences though 
just had an amazing time tonight. now dreading my detention tomorrow  ahh save me!
*jealous of everyone getting to see Wolverine on the big screen tonight* 
So the ClipCritics made a video response to my impressions video   But its on private, I heard their video got flagged 
lovin the sky tonight. half moon. enjoyn while i can see it b4 the clouds and rain roll in 
@imranajmain eh he entered before and got quite far tau! Anyway,enjoy the auditions! Wish I'm hosting! 
I think i'm dying and will leave a record of events on twitter. food in reverse since 9pm. Flashback to korea feb 08.  why me? Why now?
scary, just heard on the news that by the end of this year we'll all get sick with #swineflu, even vegetarians  the government is evil
@ItsChelseaStaub Awesome!! Can't wait to watch it!! Except I live in Australia so we won't be able to see it until next month! 
Off fishing [Insert sarcastic Whoopie] 
@xoXxXkittyXxXox It's already 12 am here  i should be sleeping but what the heck? it's Friday let's enjoy the freedom lol
wow. X-Men sucked, guess I shouldn't have been surprised...   Fanboys will never be happy with the franchise.
Now my iPhone's wifi is broken  ... At least I've got a fun week in store in Orlando! Wooo!
We are too tired to even go to walmart... 
pukeing at two in the morning is not fun 
 they're still falling. Its so ez for u n it'll pass in no time. For me its 4ever idk if u kno or even understand how I'm feelin rite now
I wonder why it is that you add yourself to a heap of 'we follow' categories only to check at a later date and see your not even there 
I give up on spelling  I'm not even drunk now 
@taragee  a fate worse then death - I'm drinking your share to even it up okay?
@LindseyMadonna I know they did a really nice tribute on the news... So sad  he was amazing
@danbrettig Not funny that our jackets were taken from us. Now I have no jacket for tonight 
wants to go out and have some fun  http://plurk.com/p/rbect
@BlogsForBraces ON A SATURDAY?! That's just not fair. 
@michaeljbauer even tho i already  had nachos today! Wish i was there!! 
@illBLvnDW4Evr32 Very unfortunate.  WOW! That's loooong!
Worst cab ride ever.  Smashed my ear getting into the cab, dropped my phone, and the cab driver stole it even tho we called within 5 mins 
Hhhhhh. You know, I checked my weight number today. Totally not happy.  but it will CHANGE. MUHAHAHAGA.  http://twitpic.com/4dyyy
@leewaters I don't know the show, but I remember the character from Cheers. I guess the show wouldn't work if he was blissful in Capri. 
Home. Had a good evening other than the fact the ducks lost in a close game!  we will get em sunday! We need to..! Nite
I had the awesomest dream ever!!!! Except co-starring the wrong person... 
Very upset that #Twitterfon has gone commercial.  Had to happen I suppose. What out #Tweetie - competition on the iPhone me thinks!
tired tired tired!  6 1/2 hours of sleep between shifts means I'm not a happy camper.  Plus it's hot in here! 
I picked up his hair genes, unfortunately... 
@alexalltimelow gladly ;) i FUCKING WISH i could see you tomorrow  so i'm getting underaged drunkk.
@jonbwhite I think you win for amazing quote of the month... too bad we can't publish it anywhere 
@melindamusil I don't particularly enjoy subbing   Did you like it?  What is this Uber Twitter thing?
This video was kinda sad. @DJhiro this video is awesome! @minimalcha It was. I meant the ending was kinda sad  ? http://blip.fm/~5efgy
waiting for that $75000 to land in my lap so that I dont have to graduate...ever. excited for summer but totally not ready to grow up 
@DJJAZZYJOYCE  i wanted to watch u do ya thing.. but its coo.. i'll be home soon enough
Still working with sub par developers.  Not happy 
@RunxBabyxRun sounds like ur having a fun night 
@shaw_ty ...and no invite? Not even on Twitter? Hrmph 
OMG!!! FIRST SCENE OF JONAS IS AWESOME!!!!!! I CANNOT WAIT TIL STAURDAY 4 THIS!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm sad youngstown didnt even make it on hipsterrunoffs top 500 cities 
TONIGHT IS UGLY!!IM JUST GONNA KICK BACK AT THE CRIB...ALONE  BUT RELAXED NONETHELESS.IM WRITING SONGS SO I'LL SURVIVE LOL WASSUP WIT YALL
Checked the context of the &quot;Library&quot; tweets. It's actually quite terrible. State funding eliminated for FL libraries.   http://is.gd/w2Pt
I'm going to miss Burning Man so much this year   maybe I'll go to Soulstance.  Has anyone else gone to that?  Is it awesome?
@skrivkoop our a/c is broken unfortunately 
@iceisawesome But he isn't normal!  
@HuniB ugh.. I said the same thing! :| she said EFF* US! haha .not funny tho. 
back at hotel after a looooooong day. had fun. saw redwoods. went wine tasting. had awesome food. time to pack and get ready to go home 
@Mallolipop finally! sigh, i cant sleep  hope youre having fun with your bFF
@jesslovespanic Why you are so depressed today??? 
@PJMcGuire likewise!  enjoy the rest of #sobcon.  bummed to miss out.  
@DeepBluAnything Those were all wonderful ideas. 
Took the daughters to see Monsters vs. Aliens 3D. Fun movie. Our son has stomach flu so wife had to take him to the clinic. Poor guy 
@JoeyGirl84 without me? I'm upset 
This is confronting: The Online Ad Recession Is Officially Here: First Quarterly Decline In Revenues...  Uhoooh  http://viigo.im/s5V
getting frustrated with work 
Awesome night, but have a splitting headache  Sure its cuz we waited so long to eat, but seriously if waitress doesn't bring check soon...
@Bianca4Life This video is great! Unfortunately, I can't rip. 
Went to Tesco this morning to get a refund of a wrongly priced shampoo.   And I missed my 11am yoga class!  
@CDubYo ya, i'm sad I'm missing out on all the cougar fun tonight  It would have been epic!
is soooo tired. Long night at work, tomorrow a long DAY at work.  In desperate need of a hug.
@electricfuneral  i know me too
Wearing awesomeness itself, watching stardust, trying to get sims to work, reading and chilling in the air con. Headache and achy body 
@jasonmitchener dang that sounds like fun.. I haven't been to a concert in years. 
@rosa418: lol, sounds awesome! I'm so ready for summer! Right now I just have projects and tests 
it sucks when the happyness turns into bummed outedness 
@c_hazlett tonight was fun. To bad no dryers or co co's to end it 
Lit. exam tomorrow... that's right, I have an exam on a Saturday evening  Then hanging out with my Big! Ready for a fun night and weekend
@toodrunktofunk oh yea?  boooooo come let's have a beer
@MitchAllan not a bad thing Mitchypoo, its betta than 1 step forward 2 steps back.. right? luv ya even though u must not like me 
@myfriendamy yep! we're meeting for breakfast and then going to the Holocaust museum. unfortunately i don't have a camera 
...wonderful except when my brother kept turning the light on &amp; people and dogs downstairs kept making noise &amp; waking me up 
Today is my birthday. Happy Birthday to me I suppose..... 
2)Something funny that Janae said but now I don't remember.   Fyi @booggie, I wasn't keeping secret the tv, only that I was mad having it.
@princ3sskrys10 aww, i'm sorry  if he can't make time to even say hi then he doesn't deserve your time!
@peacockbargrill don't make me feel even worse that I'm not there 
Gorgeous day + no hubby to enjoy it with = 
@mamabotk you poor thing!   hugs.  i hope you have happy with you.
@davidismyangel  yay! but omg, that seriously upset me what Daniel said  poorr him! and what would David think? D: P.S. 500th update!
@writingvixen definitely! I'm too excited to go to sleep now.  But i have to wake up early again! Boo.
@shinywen Okay this may sound silly but, what is a good use for these oils? They sound awesome, some of your links are broken though 
wow.. um, yea.. im pretty much not excited for work tomorrow! 
am kinda in a mood to write, but don't have the get-up-and-go. besides, my dr freaked me out today and now i'm depressed.  DNW
is cranky at Ricky and wants time togeva with out any one but that wnt be hapnin till tuesday  just want it to be fun again.
http://twitpic.com/4e1gs - high-five to doggie sitting! Even though he's sad he's not with his owners 
@GrantLCBCR3 i'm very, very jealous of you right now, Grant. i didn't get to see them when they were near me 
@gthgrl happy birthday! My total apologies for last night, had to write  do you have wheels yet?
is SO UPSET that she missed her jeremy camp concert!!!!! SO UPSET!!! Stupid work 
I've got that feeling in the pit of my stomach that I get when a relationship is about to go sour...Not fun 
this heat is unbearable 
what a suck... I cant even watch &quot;You Belong With Me&quot; music video because i dont have computer 
yay i get a three-day weekend im so happy! i get to play with my bffs.. even though i don't have any 
I'm so upset... I shouldn't be doing this... McDonald's Late Night Menu 
im so tired working from 4.30-12 isnt fun!! whyy do i get shit working hours!! and cant enjoy my money! havent been paid for 3 months! 
I CANT BELIEVE SUMONE STOLE MY HANDBAG IM SO ANGRY! I HAV 2 REPLACE EVERYTHING IN IT NOW  SO ANGRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
is happy that i have internet on my phone cuz our internet at home isnt working. 
@Donniesburg69 Yea, I'm totally jealous! Uh huh, I completely agree! 
@Talkingship Damn, it says my review wont go up immediately, it may be reviewed b4 hand  Well I sent it anyway even if it's not up in time
My nerves are already shooting through the roof and I haven't even got there yet 
@LilianeRausch Thanks for saying I write beautiful poems. I wound up using the translate function on this one.  #Dutchlessons
i just got really excited now I'm sad. I saw rob hoffmans tweet name thingy but it was sumone @replying him  may 17 I have some convicin!!
@down_home_kitty Oh balls. I have to go to a wedding &amp; will miss out on the wonderful freebies 
@jordanknight I am so sad. I thought the cutoff was midnight. I hope you still enjoy my email  Maybe next contest!
@SweetCandiesXXX now that I can't tell u  but at that point is where it becomes malicious. Packet sniffers etc
@LexaShmexa Very glad that you are well. Sorry to hear that your head feels crappy.  Sending well wishes and good vibes your way!
God I miss the time when weekends used to be fun! 
Up and at 'em, it's sunny in the West End going for a quick walk then I've got work to to 
@thecultureofme never works sadly  gotta bring a little funk to that disco... Or put. Donk on it!!
had a wonderful time tonight, but now I am also the owner of a massive headache. epic fail. 
Just got home from work a little bit ago! Too busy to twitter, lately.  Work isn't as much fun when everyone's in Vegas but you!
I'm so glad I went to see Sweeney Todd! Everyone was so good! Especially Kyle! Time for bed...  SAT in the morning... then shopping, p ...
@Awesomeosity dude, FYL 
@Atomos It was pretty funny.   GREAT room - love the old architecture.   I didn't sing 
Scott JUST texted  Janice asking if she would go bronzing with him, better check to make sure he's still human. Halloween no fun 
@simplyembellish awwww - enjoy and don't cry too much at the sad parts 
I WISH I WAS IN SUNTEC NOW AT #awaresg.  I have never been prouder of my country. Take #aware back from the homoprobes.
bou to hit the ZZzzz! hate life . eat mcdonals . sleep . thats my life . dosent it sound wonderful?...  anyway bye Twit Bugs!!!&lt;3-Devonna
Bored outta my skull halo isn't even keeping me entertained 
@chrisaffair ah totally wish I was there to go hang with you but I had no money for tixs  hope you have tons of fun though.C U 2night =]
@lairelandon I'm right there with you my friend. It's in the back of my head. Gasp I even started pulling shots directly into cups today 
bout 2 hit the ZZzzz! hate life . eat mcdonals . sleep . thats my life . dosent it sound wonderful?...  anyway bye Twit Bugs!!!&lt;3-Devonna
Wondering if its possible to be completly excited about opening a new chapter while totally fearing it at the same time... Stumped 
Really glad I forgot Im allergic to Robitussin, the room is now spinning  And my mom just keeps laughing at me trip over my own feet. FML.
i just saw @justincruzkhon say that its gonna be VOGGY again! NOOOOO im going to miserable all weekend 
@edengiver hooked it up with the sushi. Saints &amp; Sinners was fun, now @ home...rather, the boyfriend's house. w/out him. 
Ugh. Ruffle hadhis revenge on me.... 
Ugh. Riddler had his revenge on me.... 
OH OH OH I WANT! http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/0400429D9DEC3DD1 but I has so little moneys 
@jstevens428 well it was kinda my fault, i took it too far!  srry...
Most amazing night of my life... EVER!  I don't know what I'm gonna do without her..  
even though that shit sucks... I'm going to miss my guy ryan  DONT LEAVE ME!
@yeah_mate jealous  ..  got their back catalogue.. see: no money left!
@pizzametsalami warm Bavaria  The fridge couldnt keep up. Great evening but shitty beer. My head says 'round, round, baby round round' atm
@LadyFawkes Aw, that's not fun. 
@ahsan it is true. very unfortunate that happiness is a hard thing for many people in this world.  even children.
@Mz_K_ - Great pic!  I'm jealous... freezing in Sydney. 
@pmargosian I'm really upset about the whole situation  since u tweet, u should takeover their twitter acct. (pwease?..) LOL
What a day. Glad it passed, the great parts were great and the terrible terrible. Driving in a parade tomorrow. Not looking forward to it 
@sickestkid awww I haven't watched that in probably 2 years  I think I should because it's amazing.
WANts to be happy again... Kaitlin hates me it sucks... i try so hard and get no were... I have no one 
@RASHAUNWILLIAMS I'm soooooooo jealous!!!  I wanna go!
@chaunceycc http://twitpic.com/4e2j0 - Haha! That is one funny picture!!!  Why is Dayrl getting pinched?!  He doesn't look to happy  ...
not fun spending ur bday weekend sick in vegas 
i don't even have anyone to crush on 
Then I got made fun of by black girls 
@kawaii671 yeah, get some sleep! lol. Dancing sounds fun. ME? I'm on call this whole weekend so I can't commit to anything 
@Telesuh I have none with whom to celebrate!  Hope you guys enjoyed it though...I guess? 0.o
@silkyninja Night Is Going Amazing ... No Graffito Tho 
Here is a pro tip. Do not eat food sold out of trucks, even if it smells really really good. 
@MichaelJohnston I wanted to retweet your last post because it was drop your balls funny, but I don't have enough characters.  sad
just fell asleep for 6 hours, what a wonderful way to spend a Friday night. 
Aaaw! Kelis filed for divorce with Nas! And she's is seven months prego! That sucks... I like them together! 
My dad is so nasty! he just said that he was in hospital cause he hurt himself  not funny     i was scared
@mikegoldmantwit stop making me jealous and wanting to go 
its raining hard here even if its summer...Sigh... 
is getting ready for a funeral. 
is thinking that you should never have a milkshake after happy hour 
@_Slamma_ You are? AHHH! I'm so jealous. They commented me on myspace.. Haha! I doubt they'd tour in Australia 
@newspin sounds like fun. Just worked here 
recovering from a bad chest infection...spent the last 2 days asleep...still feel crap today &amp; it's bloody Saturday, not fair 
@BOMBTWINZ I'm jealous it wasn't me 
Just saw the movie wolvarine, I deff enjoyed it &amp; suggest everyone to go see it! Can't sleep  ahh..
am feeling dejected  why must there be any double standard?
@JoJo_sxm Oh yeh and I'm good- Let me assume ur doing great; &quot;my jealous face- You got/had CARNIVAL&quot; I almost had a Queens day 
Here is a pro tip. Do not eat food sold out of trucks, even if it smells really really good.  (via @MrSocial) good advice!
Follow @KTrinh420! Even though he's not gonna update 
@ashleyice I didnt even get to see u guys before u left Phils 
@iceisawesome OMG T-ANN! Why do I have more updates than LilDuval and he has been here longer?  I'm so ashamed and obv. an attn seeker.:*(
almost at work, its too sunny to be inside  lets see how today goes...
decent night. @edengiver hooked it up with the sushi. Saints &amp; Sinners was fun, now @ home...rather, the boyfriend's house. w/out him. 
I really miss him, goddd that was so fun.... ughh, I know someone that would agree with me. 
Had fun tonight. Would have had 10x more fun with alissa though 
bad weather   but i'm going to get some of the plant thats makes you happy if you smoke it....haha....
@skighwalker....lol...i couldnt even tell you y im up.... 
aww freshman year is done  it was so much fun tho!!!
@killer_k that is awful. they aren't even coming here though 
 a big angry spider was crawling in my blankeys  i flicked it to the floor and cant sleep now
Just got home. What the hell!! It's only 2:30A.M! What am I doing home so early? *wants to party*  I have had absolutley no funn tonight!
@mnrmg yeah it's a band, they had a show out here in Atlanta tonight and I went and had so much fun.I went by myself though 
@neosurgehosting yeah, unfortunately i don't have lower level access to run an rsync.  would be so much faster.  
REALLY cross, tired and angry 
On the coach on the M6 somewhere. Unfortunately on the wrong side of the bus for yellow car 
@TheRealJordin tell me about it! Its even worse on my phone   x x
@KatieDrinkwater cos we're under 21, even though we were on the guestlist they said no  he was lovely he was trying to sort it out :&quot;)
Dealt with email that had me frustrated yesterday. My mistake, but caused trouble with customer...  I hope they hire me again...
@denharsh and we ... the part-time bloggers have only weekends to publish contents 
X-men Origins - Wolverine was AMAZING! Then went to see Madison but they were doing surgery on another baby so we couldn't go in 
Shopping, not in the way I enjoy  listen to Lady GaGa's songs
@JRobz arent we glad ur ok have fun tomorrow take lotz of pics  and give the guys a hug for me
I hate stayin till the verrrry veryy end. Alll the fun leaves 
david cook and david archuleta's concert here in the Philippines was announced. im sooo jealous to those who'll gonna attend!! 
@joepolitics I was going to come but I lost the flight I was going to buy &amp; that makes me so sad my boss was even letting me go 
Nice weather in Seattle meant nobody seemed to go out and do things they would have enjoyed--like going to comedy clubs, M's games, etc.  
I'm watching DEEFIZZY live even though my speakers are broken 
@Raquel1989 I'm with you and @karla_martin76 I think it was unfair as well, but what can we do now? There were no rules stated 
is frustrated and has writters block. 
had fun with her roomie and her friends! Too bad I have to work early tomorrow! 
mmed didnt speak even a tiny lil thing w/ me.. (sad) 
No fair, was good yesterday but still waking up at silly times with a head full of blea, Does not encourage good behavior 
Getting ready Steven and Andrea's Engagement party tonight at North Lakes, smart/casual - not pirate 
Well stickam was fun... but I had to go  bubye
about to sleep. happy bday daddy! too bad I have work all day. AND tomorrow  ugh.
@GiniLovesJonas You still haven't told me what movie you are seeing!  Now I won't know till tomorrow damn it. Have fun @ movies Gini pooh!
@nikolaswriter lol well you enjoy, i have to go to work 
@illmagic i wasn't invited to have fun 
@MarionLFC I never liked Little Shop of Horrors - not even the film 
Just got home from Shaws. I miss @KaitlinCalk!  Work in a few hours. OH WHAT JOY! Not.
@BronwenZ All i'll say about Wolverine is that I had severe brain pain on walking out of that movie.. it started pretty awesome 
@RealShamu I used to thaw out herring for you at 3:30 AM, and you couldn't even save me a lousy hat?  (Former Animal Care girl, here. Hi!)
@ghanaboy14 when did you meet whitney from the city ?! sooo jealous 
@Vinnie_Killgasm ARE YOU EXCITED!!! IM EXCITED!! Not really, cause I'm not coming 
I am one of th nicest,kindest people you could ever meet..check out my friends to see. But comments like @katyperry 's,really upset me!!! 
christina is making fun of my nugget  she won't leave me alone its fucking 4am
playing games online...just finished chatting with my close friend.He lives in Arizona right now..I'm so jealous...lol! 
It was a hood night out at the dogs last night.... Even if I did loose money 
Oh joy, a skunk was either killed or sprayed something nearby. Smell starting to waft inside. Sucks to be me right now. 
Filming went great tonight. I'm really excited how this will look. What happened after was pure misery tho. 
@lovestoned Unrelated (or not), but I got one of the high scores today, but it's not showing up yet 
@JonathanRKnight well well well Mr Knight, looks like I missed all the fun!!!  someone must be asleep now.. GOOD BOY!  xx
woah up workin all night isnt very fun... almost had a pt die tonight 
it's a glorious sunny saturday and i'm at work 
@ dalegacy lmao how do you know Kabir still talks about me I find that too funnie! I miss you! 
Not fun? Hiccups 
@lozdee Jealous. I couldn't get Moran tickets 
No response to any of my tweets to (in)famous Republicans. d'oh, I thought they were funny 
has an upset tummy. 
alright im running out the door now  ooops! she and he are gonna be angry, RUN FOREST RUN! lol!!! now i really gotta go xo
Hey @PILLOWTA1K Weapon XI wasnt Deadpool it isnt even played by Ryan, it's some dude name Scott Adkins..strange. The movie was so off 
Loopt fixed the funny database mix-ups...  @ South Austin http://loopt.us/whU5Dg.t
@imaje thx seems am the only one in MY twitterverse who didn't like it either  @rikkles even enjoyed it all the way from Europe!
@cindergarden oh no that's so sad  *mourns with you* that's seriously a tragedy you are really awesome!
Reading all the tweets and FB statuses about today's football in #Brighton makes me jealous about being c200 miles away 
It's 10 degrees in Wellington at the moment. I'm so jealous 
i want braces so bad   i hate smiling.
My trial for Left 4 Dead just ended  im probably going to buy the game now because it was brilliant!
Hei Twitterland...so sunny weather in frankfurt and I've to do homework  and the worsest is it's math!!!!
PINK @ trafalgar square aaaaamazing! http://tinyurl.com/d5l7st but why did i miss it AGAIN! 
@tourcrush I can't go on the wonderful world of tourcrush on a hiptop 
Theres nothing better than abit of live music.All these festivals going on and i cant even make one.How poop 
Still prefers Facebook... even tho it's becoming more of a Gaming site.  
Even better news to hear after working a 15 hour day... My hot water heater peaced it... Cold showers for me in the morning 
worker in the house, wonderfull 
A happy sunny day!  Wish I didn't have to mow the lawn  ? http://blip.fm/~5enve
going to look for some thing lighthearted to cap my evening, or maybe i will just go cuddle my son. 
I cannot sleep at all and it's making me frustrated 
its funny how people dont want me to come town with them 
@BigIslandPizza oh no. I was just hungry. Didnt even think about it. 
Pixar's 'UP' is out four months later in the UK. Not fair  DVD will be out in the USA!
Just watched six episodes of ER, totally awesome! Can't believe it's the last series, what will I do without it 
@kukibee just on the off chance I've persuaded you ;-) I found out 2 seconds ago it's unfortunately been canceled today 
I'm going to make my decision about my contributions in !fedora !linux. unfair situation 
@amazingphoebe what did you and the father fight about?  i want you tooo 
It feels funny in my tummy. Ina bad, poorly way 
Grey and white but unfortunately not WHITE1!!1!1 and didn't get it  aand then came back here. Tada! Oh, and took photos of brothels &amp; such
i'm supposed to be going out tonight but now i have to fill in for some shows cos another girl called in sick... Not fair 
@lozbarton TG its not orange! Can't wait to see it! I have so much study to do, it sucks!  Enjoy your vodka!
@amazingphoebe what the fuck babe? :/ do you want me to go on skype? 
my stomach is not happy, i want milk and bread and a flannel blanket 
@ePandu  ..... i need to move my blog .. with all contents &amp; images ...
watching harry potter...goblet of fire....uhhh, robert pattinson makes this movie, even though he dies 
@eleventhvolume only ever had the standard edition of the OMD  - off to deepest somerset..
Darn, gotta go wash the dishes. B-but I was enjoying looking up Twitter Trends 
Kitchen drawer clutter chucked and drawer now sorted - a bit OCD but times were desperate as couldn't find corkskrew 
@SuperAwesomness GO TO BED, MAN, GO TO BED. ....why did you spell awesomeness wrong? 
@lissien I had lots of fun... but didn't see any seals 
@Wolfie75 Sounds great! Wish I could go out there and take some photos, but web sites won't write themselves, unfortunately 
@SamanthaPadilla nothing,,,,,im just jealous... Ur there...im not 
I'm totally going to sleep now. Uhgg...that midnight movie really screwed up my sleep schedual. Aaannnd! I even hit the gym earlier too! 
Morning all! Sunny in Beverley but I am in doors studying  Why not pop along to  http://twurl.nl/jet6dk and  http://twurl.nl/qnxexi
@LilEmoBoi omgg!! have fun at fob..we missed out on tix wen they came this year..we were gna go outofstate to c em but we couldnt 
Ughhh. Hate this turn of events. 
ha, happy may 1st everyone :0 i miss April already  Wahh (
Had awesome fun with a defribrilator today. Cardiac arrests made fun :p Shit, i sound like a med student saying that 
@tommcfly Mmmm im starving and stuck at work   if Tom tour man is with you i have just text him say hi to him it will be so funny  x
@oliveandfig oh sweet. im so jealous  how was the opera?
@dominiek aw dude, sucks. even in germany its hard to find the good stuff. no lays there 
Desperately needing a new lens for my Canon DSLR. 
@winstew i'm fairly indifferent towards the movie as a whole prob b/c i haven't loved any of the xmen movies. all disappointing 
so the doc just wants 2 chat about investments &amp; property but eventually checks my bp &amp; says I might be allergic 2 my nail varnish 
@808michelle was good fun even though i never win  your family is the best, i love them. See yah tomorrow!
okay, 5am, I'm out  I'm supposed to be going to the cotton pickin' fair today, no lie xD AND I'm supposed to be up in three hours  FML
@mariajoyspencer  Clean Me!
@GladysSutton  Clean Me!
@guyoseary ah we missedyou guys  ,so no more twitter fun for the Qeen???
@savvasmalamas Can't even discuss that now  the ps3 itself was a drain.extra for even the second controller 
@jollyrainbow if i never score in exma , sze take back the purse 
is getting teary-eyed because of GLOOMY SUNDAY... dang this song is so depressing... 
@jollyrainbow if i never score in this exam, sze will take back the purse 
is so frustrated! 
@EternalAegis  Aww, but tarantulas are so furry. I bet even you'd pet one.
will watch the Pacquiao-Hatton fight tomorrow at SM Megamall. Already reserved a seat but I didn't get the free movie pass. bummer 
sorry didn't realise tweetdeck was giving me the cold shoulder.....and it's not even midday!! 
@saulkza Even on a 4MB line, upload is a real bring-you-back-to-earth event.... 
One of the things I miss most about Belfast is Marks and Spencers food  So lovely! Not fun is walking 45 min to nearest Starbucks :p
Have to clean up our house now  not funny
Can't find the PSU for my printer/scanner. No #Evernote scanning fun for me. 
@AngelaKeen u don't have to... Karaoke is all abt enjoying yourself... be free from worry...  besides it's 50min till end of #alohafriday 
went from happy to sad 
Has a major headache and I didn't even drink last night 
morning! today, i'm doing art coursework for GCSE. i desperately want a B and im so close - but out of ideas 
The new amarok-nightly isn't any more stable as last month's  Looks so awesome otherwise
@weedoutofthepot yeah, they even went to the roman baths! i wanna do that so bad. 
I hit my funny bone  hate that feeling
trying to come to terms with the fact that I no longer seem to enjoy wine  that's a bit grim isn't it?
@Enchantednight please stop being so lively some of us are hung over 
@Kdvb1 just had it done on Monday, but it's already faded &amp; I'm not happy about it  Thanks for the comment though! 
Is frustrated because she none of her other friends have joined twitter 
@stephenkruiser Steve Ray, brilliant guitarist, like many of the best ....... he's dead 
@jessicastrust @Kirsty_H_99 @mizzlizwhizz Damn it... you're all having fun in here without me aren't you 
@SincerelyBri hope your party was fun... Sorry I couldn't make it 
They Joy of hangovers. Bliss   .... Will I' regret following all the #TEMPLES in a moment of foolishness last night? Time will tell.
@kaleenka funny thing is I've a gorgeous friend that looks kinda like him. but hes the kinda guy that knows hes good looking.  not into me
#2 - i finally met a guy that i think is cute, funny, a gentleman, and has a million things in common w/me..but he's 22 and lives in FL 
@dramaprincess she's still in icu and unstable 
the concert was f*cking awesome! even though there were only 20 people or so   http://bit.ly/sUt8D
@magictea I feel your pain, ours is ill at the moment, no fun at all 
@combat_hobbit is sunny am working 
@cindawgg awwww now I'm jealous! I feel so old..I'm already in bed and u guys are still out. 
I am not even mugging  #awaresg
I miss my mam and dad there enjoying the sun without me 
@StudioFairy oh that's so sad  when school ends for yuh?
@antonycotton Morning Antony, hope you enjoyed your bacon&amp; eggs you lucky sod! I love bacon but am on a diet so am having boring toast. 
http://twitpic.com/4e83p - I'm upset Virgin Mega Store iz closing!!! 
@GuySebastian You are strong to get thru that. . .This planet is a FAR cry from the harmonious habitation the Creator intended it to be 
my dream last night was brilliant! if only it was real 
@Telkana ooh, which color box did you get? i was hoping desperately to get the black one. But i got red  awell! Still looks cool on shelf!
Does anyone have an idea why garrysmod crashes on my eee pc 901 even though it's said to be compatible?  I need some good games for school
Well, that was a quicky  I just got going on his incredible bubblebutt when he couldn't hold it anymore and blew his spunk.
what a lovely day at rose street market and what a lovely steak at the napier after. I doubt hawthorn market will be as fun. 
Got my tooth pulled out on wednesday, OMG it hurts like hell even though it was 3 days ago  Ive taken so much pain killers it aint funny
is happy that the internet is up! Though I got to *poof* very quick 
how come i LOVE you and YOU don't LOve me??? not even as a FRIEND 
@mszjoycii hey how u been? i wont have internet for a few days  now wat am i going to do to entertain myself? lol
morning everybody! Just watching Sonny With a Chance for the first time lol. Got work later  I wanna day off to enjoy the sun! xoxo
Hmm Todays Not As Sunny As i Thought It Would Be  Im Sure The BBQ Will Still Happen! Haha x
http://tinyurl.com/cesshk this girls amazing. and i hate taylor swift. i wish i could sing like her 
Just woke up. Didn't get any messages of snake-oo pretty upset now 
had such an amazing time at colour, now back to the real world...work later 
@StudioFairy mine ends only 20th June  and I can't wait for it too haha XD
@mymemoirs yeah big shame - miss out on jobros  gonna be so upset - search up jonathon thurston (so hot but bit too much facial hair)
Just got home from work. ugh long night! I want chicken noodle soup but my cupboards came up with nothing even close. 
Bored to d core... Can't go out too  The heat is UNBEARABLE!
Shakeaway coming to Portsmouth just when i'm leaving...very upsetting 
I've just realised: it's bank holiday on Monday! My 3 day weekend is just a regular weekend - &amp; I was happy while blissfully unaware. 
Wrk rubbish, weather really nice outside so feels even worse inside 
Everyoneeee enjoy the dayyyyyyyy. Will tweet l8r .....time to get upppppp.  lol Xoxo
@mariajoyspencer  Clean Me!
Tummy ache  NOT fun
missing beavis lots even though he is at work and i am at my mummy's i just want to see him 
is slightly annoyed that she still cannot upload a picture to twitter 
Just seen my sister go and run off to Hawaii  But at least she'll have fun!!
&quot;we really need these rains&quot; is so overused in melbourne, that US comedians were poking fun of it at the comedy fest 
Broke things off with my guy tonight and am really depressed about everything.  
tonight will be great, although I hoped on a bff day not just a bff evening 
had a wonderful duvet &amp; dvd night! just sad tht it's all over 
I can't sleep (even after taking nyquil)...and now i have hiccups 
@pierre_nel i'm enjoying it lots - missed the first episode though   can't wait to get myself a sewing machine
@cakiiebakiie it's incredible! and i'm gonna be stuck serving pizzas all day! 
going to do more practice now, before going to play at a funeral 
Watching Simpsons~! imho newer eps arent AS funny  and i like the old animations too. AHWELL, TIMES CHANGE, and it still makes fo lols ;)
I'm back in the Nam...on this sunny day; shame Sacha is working and I have work to do...  and I miss my old phone...call me on my temp?
This hella fucking sucks getting up this early. I feel like i didnt even sleep 
@MKDons66 Not moaning, gorgeous. Really glad you came but I feel sad you had to sit through a play you didnt like just to see me  x
@firefairy1 ???? ?? '????? 
@shadylane_xx being minus $ gets even better, you lose what you overdraw, PLUS a fee for doing it. well anz does anyway 
Just realized my phone is going to be cut off tomorrow due to my lack of funds and the bills being so effing high. Fuuuck. 
Have to get some sleep eventually..have a funeral to go to tomorrow     maybe that is why I can't sleep... Peace All !
SERIOUSLY upset by a lady's comments last night - she said her mates were wondering about my age, I was either 28 or 38... I'm only 27! 
Glad im not the only one to say poo. Pupils just laugh 
had an awesome day of shopping, piercings and mcfly yesterday...back to the law assignment today 
fun night last night! although down a phone, up a black eye and has a lost tiffany necklace 
@WHCRFM backatcha all - sooo sunny in Bev, shame to be indoors at my pc... 
We are all running round doing things for my brother's party and he hasn't even bothered to come out of his room. ARSE. No revision time 
what a lovely and sunny day!! but i am sitting home 
To be or not to be at the comets...i don't think it's even worth going anymore if TH won't be there 
@thelongmile  Lack of funds!  Don't like thinking about it, have bought zip for months.  Lack of sleep, pollen, chores to do.  
@rokmi3 3 minutes??   Ha ha (via @HelpMeRick)...funny thing ish Internet is out  and I was on my phone
cant sleep, still freaked out about IHOP... i didnt even get to kiss Justin goodnight 
is happy wow wow wow [but end of the spring break  and time to do homework *cries* ]
I went to do 3 things today .... not even one got complete ... 
@xsilentxgracex Awww Charlie! No Penny's boat  Glad you liked it!
Doing nothing today  .. Taylor Swifts new video is amazing!
@Kelliekk  hope your headache gets better. Well try and enjoy your EVENING :]
Just ate lunch. I'm probably gonna take a shower now. It's been so nice weather the past days. Unfortunately it'll rain tomorrow. Buuhu 
off for a shower. i hope i drown... im so depressed right now  thanks a lot sharks
@hazel_joy unfortunately I'm still not well enough to go tot the cinema 
doesn't knooo what to dooo today, it's lovely and sunny out...still banging my head against the wall 
is up at 5 for a pt test  not fun
@Glinner well I'm glad someone gained from this mess, the Beeb is neutered and the Mail brigade can smelll blood -but at hes gained work 
people...how fun 
is annoyed ... Ping.FM GTalk account is now MIA. 
i feel really ill..not happy when its so nice outside 
Maxwell fell and broke today...  This is a sad day. I need to get another one tomorrow or Monday. *sighs* I am depressed.
Hi Tweetas* Watched REIGN OVER ME last night (2007 i know.havent seen him yet) Such a wonderful movie.  Had to cry sooo bad 
BF thinks he's clever...he thinks my car has swine flu because it's such a pig sty!  very funny theo
@valeriekhoo Agreed. But at the moment, I'd prefer to be out than in.  Need to widen circle of friends. Syd last week was good fun tho.
Up in pain due to the Italian food we ate last night...my entree was healthy, but even olive oil makes my pancreas angry. 
Up in pain due to the Italian food we threw up last night...my entree was healthy, but even olive oil makes my pancreas angry. 
I've just realised that I've attained that age where &quot;fun weekend activities&quot; include trips to DIY stores. I'm off to B&amp;Q to buy turf 
@Rawrrgasmic no it's not fun at all 
Sitting doing maths studying  Really not fun!
time to get ready to go to that place and I'm not even completely awake yet 
@tonightwedance dunno why but i was shy at first even with your mum, couple of drinks later i was fine ;-) lol. i can't get on the net 
thinking... looking... waiting... and I can't go farther even one step I NEED TO DECIDE... but I can't 
Rargh. Am in one of those depressed-for-no-reason moods. 
so this morning mother nature left her monthly present. fun fun. raining out. hope all is slow at wk today. an for sunday too. so tired. 
Hopes @britneyspears will get to italy with her amazing circus tour!  #TeamBritney
Off to sevenoaks.. I hate my internet 
I cant wait to see SEVEN POUNDS. Missed it in the movies. But it comes out this May, 19th at my video-dealer...Germany is kinda late 
another weekend wasted.. headache.. internet and party in evening.. 
@campfireburning cool. have fun without me  ;p
@hazel_joy indeed! Not fair. 
@Claire_Cordon @Nuff55 Everyone's a critic  When did you girls start developing standards anyway? ;-)
Woo woo!!! Derby day is here!!!! Its bittersweet though b/c I'm so sad we are missing the Jazz Festival in NoLa.... 
I lost my $20 bill I just got.  Pretty sure it fell out of my back pocket and burgled from me.    Sport event tonight in Katzweiler.
@LaoOcean salsa dancing.. lucky you!! I haven't done that since I lived in America  damn you. i'm jealous!
people at casa have fun ya! ;) sorry can't come to angel's party  http://plurk.com/p/rcz41
Figures - all amped up about my first exhibiting event &amp; I wake up feeling like crap on the concrete ... 
Wonder if it's worth complaining to people who sold me cherry tree, since it clearly never even attempted to root in. 
@attila i am still, and till the end of time, suzi9mm. as for great art, unfortunately been quiet in that front  lets hope for a change...
@richyomony that speech is amazing i wish i had oil slick shoes  lol best movie!
is chugging Chunky Lemsip! Feeling a little peeky &amp; Prevention is better than the cure! Hope it's not Hog Flu.... Again 
@Darcevarchy unfortunately not  just finished the journal article I've been reading 3 days!50 pages of torture - but relevant torture 
@XXXAimee too old?! Don't be daft! No, forgot to even print it out in my rush to leave on thurs!  I'll do it tuesday! xx
@Rove1974 I missed it unfortunately!! 
Bloody brilliant, now I have an ear infection on top of my conjunctivitus 
I lost the $20 I just got. Pretty sure it fell out of my back pocket and someone burgled it from me.  Sport event tonight in Katzweiler...
@eliohouse not for everyone unfortunately !!  someone pick up a copy for me, ok ??
@TrishaTorrey Ha! Gard on agenda here, too, except just noticed it's raining so maybe . . . not   Enjoy your day; sleep in tomorrow!
@NickMB Damn it, sounds fun 
Ready to get next gen funders retreat started! Good: woke early. Not good: only cold water for shower and shave  moving on...
@BADxTWIN How unfair. A whole month? I get 3 days for Bank Holiday!  
its a sunny day in Lancaster, and i want to wear my flipflops... means i have to paint my toenails  too much effort!
has angered mercury the god of communication. for her penance she will be spending most of sunay evening in the mac shop 
@DifaJonasLover The JONAS premiere isn't airing here yet  But I am excited!
this chocolate bar cheers me up for sure,only 1 problem, need to work those calories off again  life is so unfair
Melissa's dog Angel is home from the vet....$800 dollar vet bill...ugh!  She is still very weak...can't walk or even stand up on her own. 
Happy Biirthday dunderhead -.-! I don't need Twitter today. Too much to do.  You Slip, She Grip by Pitbull ft. Tego Calderon (acevergs)?
that other people do so effortlessly..when it comes to basic human living actions..this Irritable Bowels Syndrome..i really am disabled.. 
funny website but sill bored 
Celebrating FREE COMIC BOOK DAY.  Heading to Greenville, SC to hit the CB stores - none around me 
@Jordan23Capp  There a young team, Hater...Lol
so depressed over the NLT thing...i actually watched all their videos all their songs, WHILE EATING ICE CREAM!!!!! (tear tear) 
my teeth hurt... even chocolate icecream didnt make it better 
Fun show. Not as many kids as Adelaide by fun none the less 
Damn it feels like I got some last night, cus I'm super happy n shit!.. But the truth is I haven't  oh well.. Lol..
@missgiggly I haven't left the house all day, FML. Doing some sort of 'fun' homework.. 
Just noticed a new feature in iTunes Connect - crash reports. All mine are for UIKit things though...so I got all excited for nothing 
I am upset about something but i don't know what it's about  gaaah. mood swing man 
Excited!!!! Shame there not mine  http://twitpic.com/4ebfi
where has my geodefense gone   My ipod is just not as much fun without it.
Apparently McFly are going to be on Hollyoaks next week  I fear this will be even more tragic than their Casualty performance.
@vimster completely irrelevant when you're unemployed, unfortunately 
@vmarinelli ... but we don't even have a puppy 
Yikes, supposed to bring couple of dishes to family event in Toronto - 3 hrs to shop &amp; cook. Haven't even figured out what I'm doing yet 
So tired  It's not even funny
Zombie Stef will be handing out samples at the craft fair thing at the Manville VFW. Can't believe I'm up this early on a Saturday 
@ourteaparty Oh, I love Bringing Up Baby - crazy fun and Cary Grant!  I don't get ABC2 though.  And no worries about email. *hugs*
is enjoying her baileys and watching baileys. but im all by myself 
5 awesome aussies isn't looking too great. Apparently our Wednesday is leaving as well as our Friday 
i just realised that even if there was a massive swine flu outbreak, i would still not be able to loot an Alko or a Supermarket 
The crows are dissapointing tonight! ggrrr...! not happy! 
Amazing day in London. HAve to go to a BBQ with rugby dicks.  I wish London was solely a geek town.
wages didn't even last 24 hours...uh oh 
Dentist  then a funfilled day with my babyyyyy!!
Wondering how long to leave the cupboard contents out to ensure ants have departed.... making the kitchen look even messier than usual 
@Lozza237 aww sorry we are all out of bags  hah (yer i am happy)
Hi ev1! Haven't &quot;twittered&quot; 4 like 2 weeks...comp problems  Anyway go 2 www.youravon.com/joysmith to get FREE GIFT offer ending tom. !!
Why does milo ventimiglia have to be so hot, and he doesn't even know i exist  haha
@mikewest very jealous! I totally love white asparagus with Hollandaise but nobody sells the awesome white asparagus outside germany. Meh 
I wish to be happy 
@jondavis  no fair...i wanna go! 
@xiaxian1 Agreed   On the bright side, I got fill in on an Ulduar raid and we got Flame Leviathan down. Fun fight!
I Never Gt Paid  Im So Annoyed They Sed It Wud Go In This Weekend   No Muney For CRISPS :L &lt;3 =] x
On way to Harrisburg w/ the fam. Not happy about it. Darn Madre &amp; her guilt trips &amp; nagging 
@peibossman I love PEI, we considered moving there 2 yrs ago; unfortunately hubby got a job offer in Toronto - PEI employer called 2 late 
@hendrylee Hye then u should enjoy this rain coz in Dubai right now temp its 44cc too hot 
Unfortunately it rained but allin all...Everyone enjoyed &amp; the food was great. I hope we could do it again b4 we leave. 
@Rawrrgasmic ok now thats upset me lol 
fun time over 
I had to get up at 5:45 this morning to be at work. Fun Fun   Rain Rain gooooooo away!!!!!!
It's raining.  But we're going into the valley, eat some asparagus and buy some wine. Hiking yesterday was fun!
wasn't happy about Physics test but hope everything's gonna be alright. 
Pretty annoyed right now, found out earlier that the helmet I bought today has a damaged visor, back to the shop on monday it is 
Got bitten by Amazon's eventual consistency. Bought 6 kindle books for the upcoming trip, can't download 5 of them 
@petsalive me.  gotta work today... Have a fantastic day!
My nails r pink, sky is blue, grass is green(ish) darcys ear is red (again  vet time) and I am content + cheerful (hear that contractor!)
@DocShaner Geez, you have an awesome studio space.  I have a masonite board I set on my lap when drawing. I've a page drawn standing up. 
This is Awesome  Stress test failure: Citigroup ($C) needs $10 billion more in capital  http://bit.ly/aeK5y
has to write an essay, when reallyll she wants to do is watch another 3 episodes of Mad Men  Life isnt fair.
is annoyed that the cloud keeps covering up her sun 
@LilyGirll I am  I am not even going to class tomorrow 
has to write an essay, when really all she wants to do is watch another 3 episodes of Mad Men  Life isnt fair.
not sure if I'm happy with the paint colour for my studio, feel dumb for not taking something to match the paint chip 
@ErickWithNoK Have fun at Bamboozle. I was supposed to go. 
bbq stuff made, house cleaned - bloomin' beer hasn't cleared yet  -still sunny, off to gym
At arbys, planning out todays shooting schedule. Unfortunately its not a nice day out 
I'm just gonna lie in bed all day and be miserable cos the audizzle are in newcastle and I'm not haha 
@McJayxo ahhaha. Zena is funny.  OMG loved that chapter  OMG ! Nick! OMG poor him =[ please dont mke idiot david do anything to him.
thinks is a lovely sunny day today. Shame my office doesn't have any windows 
@Beth_Temple it's not fair.. i wanna be with everyone  i'm stuck at home doing nothing cause everyone is arting or DofEing or in K'town 
uch im old now  and ill! duno which one im less happy about!
Will go to the media markt now, wish you a wonderful stunning day. Here it begins to thunder and I'm afraid of thunderstorms 
Wants to go back to sleep  oh so desperately 
Laying in bed.. sorest head known to man  Defiantly no fun! Carnival type thingo tomorrow, no excitment but it will be fun, Xo
@Paul_zx really?! Noooooooooooo! i can't even see it. it's in french here 
little Lizzy will not sleep this evening, just lying there sucking her dummy &amp; squawking when she drops it 
Only one nostril is functioning. 
is not very happy 2day !! 
@fanofbsb4ever No!  I was going to go even before he said anything cause I met mba when I hung out with Nick and hes cool, but I didnt 
@gregtarnoff sorry, we were not able to accommodate vegan meals for today's event   (unless the 'pick it off' method works for you)
Sad that both reds and broncos lost. I even took my flag to the game 
@Prinia  &gt; not good about yr phone  My Aunty's fave flower is lilac &gt; she would be jealous!!!! Sounds beautiful. Get pics!!!!!!
My ice pack melted all over me last night..  i'm still miserable. How can i get my nails done when a cant lift my arm?
My ice pack melted all over me last night..  i'm still miserable. How can i get my nails done when i cant lift my arm?
Awesome weather, but im stuck wrking in a shop  ^
Has finally got changed... But is feeling fairly ill 
@AGreenSpace Wonderful swirl! I think I just missed it on my last orbit 
@BeccaJoyBower BECCAAAAAA I'm tired 
god why am i upset?? 
Is in love with the lovely man who works at St Pancras and who finally cut me a transport related break. Death by travel 
Is less than excited to see Wolverine now... Poor Deadpool.  No substantial part and no spin off. 
Happy Saturday everyone!  Doing some house cleaning today!  Would rather be sewing 
so glad the week-end is here and of course it's raining 
16 hour workday yesterday, and an even longer one today 
@zOuz_jb Shauns not atalking anoymore  you offended him
@ Just saw hannah Montanna Movie! So Awesome if a lil sad! I did cry 
Woke up with a headache so bad that it's painful to even look at the screen on my iPod Touch. 
Argh!!!   Son's laptop won't boot. So glad I have a Mac. Computer repair is NOT what I had planned for today 
Been trying to look at iphone tutorial/guide but reading objective-c is giving me a headache 
Now its starting to rain and i'm only wearing a sweatshirt joy! 
@blissfulsakura Hi my friend! Sorry I don't know him(it)  What kind of movie is it?
is on her way back to Colchester  but is unfortunately stuck in lots of traffic 
Okay Tigers..... time to snap out of this MULTI-RUN inning for the opponent funk - okay?  This is starting to get a bit old.  
@ChristieB13 it's a great day for some chillaxin... My happy ass has to go to school and finish labs though 
@MrW0nderful glad to hear you're all well-pls pass along my love. thanks hun-a lot of ppl don't get it, but she was a part of my family 
depressed today... I miss my doggy 
Boylet already went home.  BUT WE HAD FUN! 
sad shes missing the crab cook off in Ocean City, MD.  First of many events I will miss.  
Epic BBQ-evening yesterday - unfortunately the mandatory headache kicked in with a vengence today 
Wish they hadn't made Deadpool like that in Xmen Origins. Deadpools awesome, so whyyyy 
twitterena got some unfair reviews in US app store   gone down to number 16 
I'm excited about tonight!  Going to be a beautiful day too. I hate it that Ray has to sleep through it! 
being new to twitter and is excited but nobody i know is on here 
@sexxxyjae  I was awakened and didn't even WANT to wake up... I am sure my sleep was gonna get better had I stayed in bed. 
I'm soo frustrated I can't bloody add Lily Allen as a friend on MySpace so I can't go to her secret gig! 
Val enjoying the sun at hyde park! Michelle, wish u were here  http://short.to/6x2s
Is kinda hungover but Happy Birthday Adam! Damn work so f-in early... I dont wanna work out tonight  Haha A bunch of random though for ya.
Michelle is watching the mini marathon on TV and really wishing she were running today!  Feeling really sad she's missing all the fun!  
@Monica_777 Ooh ok.  Heard it was amazing but unfortunately it's not available in Canada. 
@Anne_A4L @nesquicus @annyo84 awesome! ramble tweeting lol   n yup i bet jeff was the next best thing. bummed i din meet him 
contemplating the pros and cons of gay marraiges, aka her debate team assignment  oh the joys of school
@Monica_777 Ooh ok.  Heard it was amazing but unfortunately it's not available in Canada.  Thanks though.
great why did I even bother! Thanks mate 
@gnutel0 Love it!! The RC feels even more responsive than the beta. Only issue is IE8 breaks my video embed ability for blog 
@Rawrrgasmic i know and i dont have the hump with you for it! im just badly depressed anyway 
what did tell you? i am bored now and i cant go to sleep yet. its saturday and i have to go back to work 2nite, so no fun 4 me.    inside
Good morning all...Wolverine was awesome...the summer of movies has begun. But now I'm off to work 
Melbourne has given me a sinking feeling about returning to Hobart - even though it's missing some things, I really like it here. 
i'm so glad i froze last night &amp; i woke up and already have a headacheee 
Gotta catch up from a week on the road and prepare for the in-laws' 50th anniversary next weekend...no time for fun and games ...  
check out my protein folds background, it's awesome! Just have to learn these structures now 
What did I tell yall? I am bored already! And I cant go to sleep yet. Its saturday and no fun 4 me gotta go back 2 work 2nite.   fills me
Ohhhh and the Fun has Begun, Logan just dumped his Bowl of Cereal  on the Floor..........I need a Vacation man!! 
@Nuff55 Well I did ask if you would cure my man flu with your powers..... an you didn't respond   Thats not very fairy like? Is it?
Have to work 11-4 today. Then going home and doing homework. Looks like its gonna be a fun Saturday.....not 
On a shoot so not watching the Arsenal game. Taping and will watch tonight. If anyone spoils me I will be most displeased  #Stabbity
Has misplaced his debit card and the bank can't get me a new one for 5 days. Unrelated- area stores experience precipitous drop in sales 
Not even ready...I failed SATs already 
awesome! genii cleaned up the bar last night. Umm..its way too hot in the store. I should have worn shorts or skirt today 
goin' back to work Monday.. bittersweet. Miss my students, but I don't want to leave my precious baby Kaiden.. 
my mother has more followers than me  no fair
Bitterly disappointed with the footy tonight. I hate it when the best team wins and it isn't @Essendon_FC 
Getting Ready for the Kentucky Derby......&quot;I want Revenge&quot; is a scratch 
I had an AWESOME time last night at the white party....but now I have a TERRIBLE hang over 
i just want to love ur heart, not ur body or even ur pussy. am I wrong?  http://plurk.com/p/rdpwv
going out with the boys again. i don't even rmbr the last time my gfs wanted to go out with me 
@ohsevenphive LMK. I need to lose 10kg in 4 week....  Hmmm
@jordanknight Well, I'm happy for Tatiana, but sad that it was not me   I just hope that you did read my e-mail.  Have fun!  lots of love
Have been cutting chicken meat for dinner. Now cuting grass in the garden. No boobs there. Not even neighbours. 
FREE COMIC BOOK DAY... - Enjoy it for me while I am working  http://tumblr.com/xf81p38ep
this is boring coz no one's really tweeting when i tweet coz everyone's in US and im stuck in australia!  it's not fair!
is awake early on saturday   unfortunately due to work 
ahmm.. i dont even no how to work this twitter shit  sad lol
@jessssssTHEbest oh FAreal! Yeah yo! We didn't even go 2 prom  we didn't have ne school spirit lol
@AndieLiz15 Awesome! I need to reply to your email by the way! I was so busy yesterday 
why do i have to be ill on a sunny day tis not fair 
@heycassadee it'd be a blast if i could be there.  have fun cass!
@ponyy i knew that would happen, i was in drive through at 12, i was so depressed. i also cut myself on the fridge  blood blister. ouch
@tkofthewildboyz back home, missing out on all the fun. that's where we're at! wahhhhh! 
at work. Beautiful outside...crisp and sunny! Wish I was outside 
not happy i came to work 3 hours early 
@mileycyrus so i have the same insomnia prob as you i slept for all of 3 hrs woke up at 5am nd couldnt go back to sleep  btw your awesome!
@kentucky_derby super excited! Are you tweeting the event happenings? Only way I follow this year! 
Very annoyed about this game. I dont think its installing.  
@Jenty  I must admit that I would be too fearful walking through there....and then probably upset by what I saw. Well done 2 u!
Good morning...work today  tired from last night, but it was fun...anyway how is everyone?? I miss u all
Left dog beds out on patio - rained.  Found 50 eathworms underneath. Collected them &amp; put in flower bed covered lightly with soil. ;-)
Everybodys at the March of Dimes 5k this morn except me!!   Im stuck working.... Have fun guys!
glad to know my family bought tons of gluten food for the birthday party, and I can't eat it. 
Hope evryone has fun at #pawpawty today. Mollyd has to take care of her grandma so no pawty for her 
is enjoying a rainy day at home with the family. Soccer games canceled 
I wish I lived in America so I could go to Bamboozle.  So many amazing bands in one place!
Happy Birthday Noah!  one year went by so fast 
annoyed that Time Machine doesn't backup iPhoto if it is running - just lost all my pictures for the last two weeks 
@kristenstewart9 i saw you guys on E.T and i am pumped for new moon. although i still have not seen adventureland.  having fun in canada?
Hopping back in bed to see what's on TV...looking for something funny.  my son doesn't want to get up yet to play with mommy 
This gloomy weather makes me wanna stay in bed 
@stephenstohn no! that's rather upsetting 
Just left kelsy's. Was epic fun. I have work tomoro nay 
How the weather affects my mood..No sun til Tues now.  BUT two sunny 80 degree days by mid month. Why didn't I move somewhere warmer?
On the way home from dinner. Good nite even though I was sick 
decided not to go night swimming because the pool's curfew is 10  and it's already 9:30 so how's that fun:| http://plurk.com/p/rdurz
Feels awful today!  so hung over! Funny night though! X
@raditsracquel Luckyyyy  I couldn't get off work today. Blehhh. Have fun though!
@shondarhimes aah thank you so much for not giving us a rose baby!!! want Merder to be happy! but totally lame for other viewers i guess 
missin all the fun  i wanna be with my friends~~ (((((
@denharsh Can't get into FTP, sites perpetually &quot;loading&quot;, support ignores me 
Yellow Car isn't any fun on your own. 
I wonder where's my voice. Can't even open my mouth to speak.. Ouch!  - http://tweet.sg
@kiestaster  no big o even with all that build up?
Work meeting at seven, fml. I just want to sleep in once this week 
aw. i wanna run it  haterBmotivatrs
I have just upset my kid by telling him he can't have the new X-Men Origins game as it has an 18 rating. 
Then the major motherfuckin fail was MY DAMN POWER BEING OUT. We didn't even have a tornado and a bitch doesn't have lights! FML. 
Most upset by the ending of S1 ep 11 Heroes  *stamps foot*
@Brandi88 I'm coloring in a coloring book. It's the Hulk and he is green - so fun but my green crayon is broken. 
@michellemistake You left.  But have fun with Mama and your bro!
@arisaja it's ok as u said &quot;everyone would die eventually&quot; but please not my mother  it's &quot;kanker rahim&quot; been ongoing-medicated to KL...
i am 2 greedy, i cant even move now 
I wish it was sunny 
it seems that a truck went through my legs  but I have enjoyed both dancing yesterday. Best celebration of 15 years '//
@sfkpinstripe sweet. holidays rock... enjoy while you can. all too quickly they're gone  sava the flava of life i say...
@deantron Site's up. Unfortunately I wasn't able to make the video shoot  So sad...
needs to work....but so sunny outside 
It's a beautiful day and I can only enjoy it from the window. I hate feeling like a 93 year old 
@musicalee a funeral?   bummer! maybe it'll cheer u up in a weird way! it'll make u happy that u get to live another day bright side!
@joshdivision I really really want to go to Okkervil River and I have no money  Have fun!
work was terrrrirble last night  we were sooo busyy. unfortunately, i have to work tonight too  so text me? i would love you forever.
Working all day today... No sunshine enjoyment for me today 
Rainy day in Victoria tday after grt week. Good day 4 r designer to take us furniture shopping. What fun  #victoria
walkin on the moon...lookin down to mother earth...can't believe war is still existing....it looks so peaceful at all 
relay for life was fun, untill a storm came and we had to leave 
The soup, top 20. Then food. Then free radio. Then shower. Then ready. Then funeral 
Yesterday it was sunny and today its raining 
My mind is blank right now .... Gettin ready for my little cousin's funeral ... 
I miss shaun,all the sudden  my uber awesome clandestine/fob/petewentz no#1 fan. -sighs
@motopatzo Tessa has had a very premature &amp; unfortunate death  She will be very sorely missed. I just wish I was dealing with it better
@frombecca the 'wife' has made scones with lemonade and I even posted it but forgot, she reminded me, will send link, can't on iPhone 
Just back from my regular MTB ride from the house, feel good for it, dismayed to find that wife has booked to see wolverine for tonight 
cleaning up a big mess of baby formula all over everything in his bed and on him. not to happy about it. 
having family problems, bullying is not fun 
@jenjoec2003 I'm glad you're so busy - Heather hasn't had a lot of hits lately. 
@rockinwriterchk i get in to nj at about 630 so no i cant make it to ct  have fun though! 
@KeepinUpWKris  love watchin you on the shwo... and super jealous of the derby,,i wanna wear a big hat 
@IvaMissIva  with an unhappy baby.  Thanks for the fair tip... not sure where it is? Where in OH are you?
@SylviaDiscount boo hiss. That's rubbish, poor you  One day you will get you revenge ;-)
Freisan Fire and General Quarters are my picks for the Derby. Did anyone ask me who I like? No. Did I get to bet today? NO. Haters 
@exitmould D: i waaaaant. but unfortunately, no. 
@PeteThomas Sorry your stuck inside all day  No fun at all!
Ugh. Thanks a lot Roger. You really annoyed me. 
not going to the Britney Spears concert  Happy Birthday Pierre Bouvier (May 9th) , taking my driving license test today !
@GuyHagi oh no! I missed it, I had a wedding to attend  but how fun!!! what kind of lei?
PS - I'm SO jealous of everyone who gets to go to Bamboozle.  
so frustrated I can't get twitterberry to work on my phone.  
Gonna miss out on some of the DC fun cause I'm leaving for the bday party 
i wish i knew why my neck is so itchy! ack. and my top lip still feels funny 
@chrisfromcanada We're moving in the summer so kids can finish the schoolyear. I'm excited but our teenager doesn't want to leave Toronto 
fun acoustic set at loch raven..ottobar canceled 
got amazing pumas but wants to return them and instead get this beautiful green juicy purse. 
@xSkylines :O that was very rude. I offered to straighten your hair. I think the price you'dve paid would be very fair. 
WOW! Crazy night! Laughs, fun, worry, tears, ambulance, severe closed head concussion for one little boy   Get better Ricky!
Finder not functioning properly, fans spinning up to full speed all the time, apps are sluggish. I think it's time to re-instal OSX 
Think i did super awesome amazingly well on immunology final...gotta get ready for ceutics now  
http://twitpic.com/4ejap - old german mcfly article. unfortunately i don't have it 
Trending Topics: Top Item: I Want Revenge          now what does that tell us? 
I got a dozen donuts for the fam, I just had my seventh 
@PatrickRiot I think you know you're going to have an upset brookie on your hands if you get to go to the OCF and I don't 
 I'm super jealous of @arsmikal, @megsmi, and our parents for being out on our jet skis right now.  Come ooooon, graduation!
&quot;Simple Plan, Simple Plan, Simple Plan...&quot; The show was amazing! When will ut be &quot;McFLY, McFLY...&quot; or &quot;30STM, 30STM ..&quot; look like NEVER 
Days 1 and 2 of the weekend were WONDERFUL! Now, last tuba party of the year...  that it's a tuba party but  that it's the last one
@mfundi thanks!  And &quot;Im sorry&quot;  
@wkusysstatus  Having error messages with &quot;nagios&quot; in twitter, makes it useless to search for nagios related tweets 
@taylorswift13 amazing video!!! I cannot wait to see you in London next week, but unfortunately my sister can't come anymore 
not in the mood for fun 
@TrustEnabler Thanks for the heads-up! iMac is even awesome... when it does not freeze. May be problem with graphics card.  
is annoyed  x
@elizabethlmccoy it was really slow and all the funny parts were in the previews 
Ieh!!! Should have stayed in Germany! Went from very sunny 22C to rainy 16C 
@ddlovato Sadly, I'd probably be so excited if I saw you I'd walk right by you as well 
@daytonagrlmandy I so wish I could be there.  Have extra fun for me!
Sister &amp; her family beginning to move out today. Bitter-sweet. Feels like I'm shifting to partial custody w/ the kids &amp; dog. 
I think I'm gonna start replying @ddlovato that she is ungrateful apparently she only replies to those 
Happy birthday Nanny!  i miss you so much   05/02/1940 - 10/19/2008
NEW BLOG ENTRY: Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend, Somewhere along in the bitterness  http://ping.fm/g2B8A
@iluvmyTC ...if it ain't 1thing it's another ..i neva stop praying for you, hopefully this weekend will be a little calm  gMourning
Goodmorning twitter land. Getting all the kiddos ready and we are headed to eat and then shopping for summer clothes. not fun at all 
Working...sad about my purse and my electronically devices that were in it.  I am glad my phone wasn't in it! Still sad though
@OfficialAshleyG Unfortunately, he will probably have to get used to it.  My daughters and most other American girls are head over heels.
@youisfunny I know I messaged you the other day about your email address somewhere (about podcasts)... but now I can't find it 
I hate that I'm up this early on a saturday. It would be cool if it were for something fun. Ill be at work for the next 12 hrs. Woot? 
had fun at the dance! so sad that it was the last one of the year  holy crap! the school year is almost over!
happy saturday im doin OT today 
last journalism event foe is = saturday morning science and it's about bugs. yay my favorite 
@chad420 I miss your iphone  tweeting late at night is no fun without you lol
Worst time to be unwell is during bank hols!  It's not fair!!!
Is bored beyond belief, has nothing to do today.............. Well scratch that, Mother just informed me that I have to clean today. Joy! 
At work! Blah! Maybe PAU was right...shoulda done a negative on those coronas! 
@PeteWentz @GabrielSaporta Have a great time today at #bamboozle Wish I could be there  The Pier was awesome last night.
My first Saturday in forever that I didn't hav to wake up early for anything... and i didn't even sleep in 
omg. @mitchelmusso can't believe how small a part u have in hannah montana movie - not even mentioned much 
@EARom haha nice ball skills, Stevie!  I hope Barca is warmer than here, sunny but freezing! 
More storage facility fun today 
@stephentotilo and whilst Sony would repair your console they unfortunately refused to do anything for him 
@tommertron Seriously! I've already read about seven articles saying it's gonna get the chop... 
@tifkin Have you called to see about a refund or coming to another performance? 
@wademealing it's a very bad situation  unfortunately
@markhoppus btw tour  england next year please cos otherwize i probz cant go and thats not fair 
@marco_cali Sorry about your FB. Thats not cool  Thankfully its not raining now. Just overcast...
@sayheycyrus i'm jealous 
@RCASantiago She's going with a friend at the reserved seating section. 
I am up, and getting ready for another fun filled day at work YAY 
@ADErland Oh no! Glad you're ok dad! Sorry about your bike... and head. 
time to prepare for the funeral  wow what a day , dear Jesus I need you..........
oklahoma was fun brought back memories of us doing calamity jane last year 
Figured out why I was such an irritated Tweeter last night. Coming down w/ something   Can't muster the will to sing, &quot;Fever!&quot;
Still upset at not being a lottery winner again...no fair 
ayo is it just me or is &quot;I want Revenge&quot; the illest race horse name ever..sorry boput ya leg homes 
Just posted a comment @ scepticsbook.  Even I can't make sense of it.  I need a breatholiser for comment/tweet posting methinks. 
lets try this...  i want revenge from wolverine  because he beat me at the kentucky derby since i had the swine flu.... 
@autumnashley Ugh, I can't even come  I made cute brownies and everything. Eff.
I think my flat iron is about to poop out.   this does not make me happy...
At work  then off to my lil's graduation! Then party until..... When? Its miami bia till the sun comes up Billy happy birthday babe!!!!
@Jonesy1369  and I work Sunday so I have no weekends with friends now, but you work nights and that's even harder!  Stupid jobs
Hiiieee Twitland.. Quick updates and then i am out again! ...So, after a wonderfully perfect evening @ Taj Thursday night my phone broke 
Really wishing I was in the midwest today. My lovelies are having fun concert weekend without me 
jieha, gonna watch OTH, the first episode of season 6. finally! its not fair that belgium is so far behind 
i realise its a nice sunny day, yet ive not gone outside yet 
Glad Jeff was back in school on Thursday! but was gone again yesterday  What do I do without him there? lol. Ima miss you next year!!!
missing reggae fest, and i'm a little upset about it 
@pberinstein  That doesn't sound like fun. Hope everything is all ok now.
So tired thats its not even funny. Need sleep &amp; rest, but on my way to a dinner 
Don't read twilight before you go to sleep you'll start dreaming about the awesome vampire family u could have..  and the hot boy 
I was ok with j givin our KY derby tickets away since we have men flyin in 2 c the boat, but Richard just called and said it was amazing 
@Flaca_Bella awwww....have fun!! The love a woman should have for their mommy is unexplainable! I LOVE my mom and miss her 
@Jae878 Malcolm is awesome! Hes so cool with my obsessions LOL. your mummy is coming too? Awesome. My mummy was coming but not now 
just got up and i feel like crap  so much for a fun day at lagoon
moving alllll my shit home. so depressed this year is over 
Awwhh  Poor I Want Revenge - http://tinyurl.com/c6odam [On a side note check out http://www.hopeforhorses.net]
Feeling really sad! No MIC Library, no canteen samosa, no article 19 room and no TMJ  But every one has to go and even I shall move on!
@kentgarrison i'm basically dying of jealousy. i wish i was there 
Good morning twitter. I had an amazing dream last night. I wish it didnt have to end 
@jeanettejoy Well, that's probably so true. Poorly, very few people I follow and am much interested in to meet them, don't live in the NL 
@BellaTerraRVRes Unfortunately it's been mostly raining since I arrived.  No tennis 
@theroser @iamthecommodore @ThePISTOL @RiskyBusinessMB have fun at bamboozle! my dad will be working it &amp; seeing you, i won't until 7/15 
SO frustrated + upset at many things, but twitter really need a more simple way of uploading photos/background photos &gt; mine NEVER work 
Funeral today for Blake Kurtz  cancer is yucky!
Thanks for an awesome season, Liverpool FC. 
The walk-in is sending me to the ER. Not a fun day 
it took $7,500,000 it make the titanic, 20,000,000 tons of ice to sink it and $200,000,000 to make a movie about it. well how fun! 
Enjoying an iced coffee... gonna have to start drinking less of them though 
@HannahGeorge_ it had all my makeup, my joe fresh sweater and my uniform  but im excited for stars on ice! (&amp; JONAS if only we had disney)
what a cold and gloomy day  isn't may supposed to be warm!?
At work..3 hrs of sleep and i dint even party 
had an amazing night last night and wished she wouldn't have gotten so close to people so late in the year 
is jealous. Because they're at Ced's.  http://plurk.com/p/rel5n
Charmouth windier than Lyme. still beautifully sunny though. No chips. 
Just woke up beside him but he's not even mines 
@katieclemons  well, you've stumped me there.  i don't even have facebook mobile....  
@TrafficMike Funny, I thought with a vista os I'd have more issues. I don't think I've ever had blue screen, but firefox doesn't like me 
@Jazzzo Awww  91 years is a long blessed life. Was here to see &amp; experiance a lot. We can only be as blessed to live that long
@raydee yeah i mean c'mon! im not jealouse at all! 
Fallout3 has so rar been amazing... And then the xbox crashed! Damn you microsoft!! 
@Uk_joedan_fan yep! But I didn't try when I got the new version of TB. Which sux  it's all bubbly and shit.
I think that @Mixboy2105 (JD) and  @popshuvit should have won awards  but congrats to @flizzow   i bet @istayedwoke is very proud 
Happy Birthday Mom! Too bad I can't be back in Illinois to celebrate 
Ok.... Ill runn it off now.... No fun 
@RissEO I was at cape buffalo yesterday for happy hour......we must have just missed each other 
NO THEY DIDN'T! Radio Devon got a little over excited 
@Oedipus_Lex yes indeed... Tranquil Vale to be absolutely precise... Maria does not wear hot pants though 
@jensinemay ahhhhh you're going to see Quest &amp; Beatfreaks! i'm jealous haha i wish i was goinggggg  by the way . i miss you okay bye
off to the gym, then an 11-hr work day. fun times 
one patient passed away tonight... makes me feel kinda depressed. also heard that 2 babies about to be baptized died on a car accident.. 
@TwistedHelen I forgot what happened at the end of eppy 11... OH... FALLOUT. Yeah, not happy about that.  Eden...
Happy Free Comic Book Day!! which I cannot attend this time in the middle of the desert, no comic stores exist here   http://bit.ly/5ZmiB
@lukedupont sorry we didn't make it to happy hour; couldn't get it together by 7   next time for sure
tch I don't even like 
We're going to the may faire today at Jeff's school.  But it's unseasonably rainy and dark today 
jealous of EVERYONE that's @ bamboozle this weekend !! 
Thye did mean things to my eyes...and my eyes are not happy about it...   wah
@burningsteady If I weren't finishing an assignment for E, I would. 
@sal_Mor it's not funny!! I wasn't having trouble breathing before. Poo  lol
Derby fever is alive...even if I can't go 
i freaking lov exeats. i get to chill at home for a whole two and a half days! but i have to go home early  aw well gotta enjoy it  xxx
I have javascript codes related to forms and loops 
Ouch. My head is not happy 
JUST GOT BACK FROM MY BAND CONTEST THAT WAS FUN!!! AND SOMEONE GOT SICK DURING THE LAST SONG 
@djvirman Vir, I'm so jealous! P.S. Guess who I heard on the radio?! =P OH, and tell Jo to stop forgetting our CDs! 
How many people are NOT going to bamboozle? You can be all depressed and gloomy with me.  &lt;|3
Ah, the special horror yet wonderfully satisfying sound made when you drop a  fluorescent  light bulb and it shatters.  Now for cleanup 
@Croaker_UK Ah very jealous. Vic went there on thurs. I wish i could go 
&quot;The Constant&quot; - Lost Episode 5, Season 4. Made me remember why I like the show. I'm a sucker for fairy tale love stories. 
Happy to be off today, I would love to be able to stay home in my jammies all day and do nothing, however that won't happen! 
twittering? ah......I work all weekend...no fun in punxsy for me 
&quot;I WANT REVENGE will not run in the Kentucky Derby due to a wrenched ankle.&quot;  #fb
@CoryBenjamin long time? haha it been forever and a day! but it was a lot of fun.. i miss it 
Have to stay inside  yay how fun 
enjoyed my nite out last nite. saw some real characters. but just couldn't seem to &quot;get lucky&quot; 
@australias omg  now no one will drive me around lmao. YOU CANT EVEN COME TO SEE THE SHOW IM PLAYING EITHER ;___;
lonleyness sucks vagina!!!!!!  AND i have to go back to the hell hold called pizza ranch today  not to happy about it
just being bored, tired, and sick  but i will hopefully feel better enough 2 go 2 school on monday =D and maybe even softball practice!!!!
@AdamRawsonBrown  R u excited to see your grandpa?
I Want Revenge scratched the morning of the Derby  Oh well someone else better win convincingly today so the Preakness is exciting
i'm gonna go to barnes and noble this evening, as usual. except this time i'm broke so i can't buy myself some tay magazines. 
@AnjaliKnebworth Flickr's blocked in Dubai, this upsets me very much 
@tonyburkejnr I have been craving eddies all week don't bitch! We don't even have one here 
Not a happy bunny after cracking the screen on my iphone 
@billie_bex hey havent seen you in ages! we original 105 girls must catch up sometime?life was fun back then, now its all stupid uni work 
Not excited about the next 24 hours....late night vegas trip and OC marathon at 6:30am   
At the post office...fun times  !
in bed being taken care of by nurse cat. she's wonderful! watching the sunshine outside wistfully 
my day off..and I can't even sleep in. My body officially has gone APE shit....Good Morning  bleh.
last night was an awesome send-off. i'm going to miss charlotte. i just realized this is the last time i will live in this house. fuck. 
@kaslkaos @fuzzydragons  - It's not sunny here  But I think I need that walk in the woods!!
@ndubzlover19 i knw im wel upset 
I swear this day can't get any worse  I hope later will be good fun!
why can't the sun come out and play today? any other day and I'd be thankful for the gloom 
@MAbrowneyes reg.  I had a hard time gettin on the site n missd vip  so upset but I'll still b there so its all good.
screw jon for making fun of me during my kickboxing dvd. you don't tell your loved one that she is shaking the whole apartment 
@daisyrjordan that's amazing. they'll do a concert here in may 28, a day after my birthday but my dad don't let me go 
at my sister's. omg still so much homework and stuff to do  gonna be fun xD
Bad luck Dazza, guess you're nopt so excited now! 
ugh its soo beautiful outside... glad i have to work 
@LouYoungNY Wd luv to come out to Citifield evnt and say hi but stuck at work today   Have fun! Yul prob meet many Twit followers today!
Abandoned! We're leaving the plant sale. WAAAAY too many people.  Not fun any more. 
Moving is about as fun as sleeping on a shitty futon. HA 
@NiniHotChoc I'm still profusing sweat, even until tonight. When will this heatwave ends??? 
Congrats Alex!!! He got an amazing job, so proud!  Meeting Raheem for brunch before he moves to St Louis 
hmm..my best friend just left my house..gosh i miss her! haha about to go get yelled at  so much fun! NOT!!
@Alyssa_Brianne 4 hours how about 2!! thats really not fun 
@fhitria gotta cold,hope just a common cold,nothing animal related 
had a amazing time last night with her favourite person in the world  didnt want to come home 
the dance was so fun! im gonna miss sarah 
says i have duty tom..  and its a sunday!!  huhuhu (angry) http://plurk.com/p/reybb
Sorry @JoeTalamo  . I hoping I Want Revenge recovers quickly
@allapparel no, unfortunately we lost to the mets 7-4 
Happy 2nd birtday Wiktoria, i wish i was there 
finished New Moon and excited for JONAS, if only she had the Disney Channel on her TV  Youtube better come thru for me.
Weather has been fantastic here in Sri Lanka. Had a very chilled out relaxing holiday although had extremely sad news bout friends son 
Having an awesome time at monsters of contemporary in Chicago!!!!! Don't wanna go home 
I have to do the least fun things today.  All I want to do is go to the movies, shop for some new things... Grr.
May 1st showers bring flooding waters??? WHAT?!!!! Floods are fun! (not) ready 4 a SPECTACULAR Saturday 
@naughtyeliot @naughtyeliot naaa im in england u tease not fair, goes away and sulks 
@belindamay92 i g2g now  gr8 speaking 2 u tho! thnx 4 lettin me know bout adam and nicky  luv u! enjoy bgt xxx
 so pm this weekend started out greaaaaat even though manduh had to leave meh 
@Tahiryjose hella mad u started ur tweet abt ur party with &quot;twiggaz&quot; even madder that I'm going to miss it. 
Only had 6 hours of sleep, but I'm awake enough to drive around.  I guess I'm hitting the fair tonight with Butcher? my tummy hurts 
its a beautiful day in the city, wish I could enjoy instead of bein stuck at work 
Has a wicked awesome cramp 
In line for coffee, damn it. Still upset they closed Java n Jazz!!  
My bb Mauer returned last nite triumphantly &amp; I missed it  Saw the highlts on SC this a.m. though. *glee* Can't wait for tonite! #twins
@jordanknight hey, what happened to you pic?  Can't see your smiling face anymore.
@WatariGoro i am too tired...had a after meeting after the meeting and no one waited up for me when  i came home , not even the doggie 
@QOTFU that sounds miserable  best of luck with that
I'm tired  but unfortunately I have to be on the road
@yisel shouldn't I be happy being perfectly poor?  guess not!!!
@thepromisehero unfortunately not  but i will if i find some1 who's got a credit card..it's a bit difficult to get it here in germany  ?
wishing I had a balancing ball to sit on, it looks fun &amp; comfortable  also, f sociology
@decaydance I'm jealous. I wish I was at Bamboozle 
finally don't have to wash dishes for five hours straight..unfortunately, studying is worse. 
I am not enjoying all the ~Bamboozle~  twitter updates 
I feel better today even tho i didn't win the 242million last night 
sad. hurt. and angry 
@muffin_loser jealous is i 
@lilyroseallen Happy Birthday! Sorry I missed your show in Boston. Next time i guess 
*cough* *cough* *cough* no fun 
Another day of work nears on a beautiful sunny weekend. 
@stephlindsey Have fun tonight!!! I wish we could be there. 
@ben987 whatever happened to not making me jealous?! 
happy that the sun is out! but it's too cold to lay out and catch the rays in my bathing suit 
i have green day tickets, i guess i should be happy. MY SEATS SUCK THOUGH. 
HATE this recent funky javascript -- that pops you out of new status box after page refresh!  #bug #twitter millions suffer dead key strok
@Lesley_M The weather in Colorado is no good for flying today...overcast and rainy   Sports are awesome, I just got #Nuggets playoff tix.
@60291tdy that'd be fun, but i'm at home. 
Mifflin is much less fun when you can't drink 
@delshores @jasondottley I heard last night through the gay grapevine mahaffey decided not to do the event with Caroline.  saddness.
@PageDoll Happy yes! motoring no.  I'm just waiting.
Spending my saturday at best buy.  not happy
@meredithmo It was awesome, until I found a hair lurking beneath my rasher of bacon 
Keeping it real in Marshfield, WI.  Its so sunny today, and I'm working a 12 hour shift in a room imbedded deep in a hospital 
Annoyed that Twitter won't acknowledge my mobile 
why is the line up for bamboozle so fucking amazing, EVERY year! I'm living in the wrong place 
I have done some gardening today, but not much, a friend is over and we'v just enjoyed a bit of sun. getting chilling and cloudy now 
@Jonasbrothers of course! me too! im very excited! but i can't watch JONAS because i live in argentina 
@HoboGal ditto, but i don't know if it will  i would brave a thunderstorm for a funnel cake tho
Gotta go supervise my neice at work 2nite &amp; she wants to be at a mates party instead so should be a fun filled nite 
loving my saturday even though my knee is KILLING me 
Sphereing is disappointingly quick!!! A 2 hour drive for 30 seconds on fun!!! 
Coffee doesn't give me the happy buzz anymore.  I miss it.
Time to do yardwork, not so awesome. 
@Beth728 I'm glad I finally met you! So sad to see you guys go 
@nenalyzed I know  i WILL get it eventually!
@theoopsgirl SO jealous.  Wish I was going to tonight's show 
Last night was fun! Work today 
@crummy there was one yesterday!?! Boo  I didn't even know
got high with my lil bro last night so funny, didnt really have enough weed though  Just woke up, jacked off and seriously want a cig...
@buenosaireslife  only? I think 81 is more than fair...mi querido Buenos Aires is going downhill year after year, that's how I feel 
I am going through guitar withdrawals and it's only been two days.  I desperately need to get a travel guitar...  : /
joy was on the phone..and now i hear the tone..i wonder where she's gone..i just want my friend back. 
@chriscynical i tried to get a pic of the water with my phone's cam but it didnt work 
the kentucky derby is today! and I didn't even go see ONE horse race... 
So far, work is not too bad today...but I'm not even halfway through my day 
@NicholasJerry92 Jonas is tonight!! But not in Canada  Are you excited for people to see it?
@julesjulesjules not soon enough! I wanted to enjoy my last days here not spend them chained to my desk  Oh well, enough whining.
Robin Hood is on, I've now got everyone reading Twilight, isn't it so annoying when people copy you and you don't even want them to?! 
Hi @backupblack. Going to #tfc. Excited, but it's ugly and grey outside.  Any plans for vacation?
@motogpen now rossi at pos. 6 ...unfortunately 
@HolidayWorld $2.50 funnel cakes?! Almost worth the drive to Indiana!  I miss Holiday World!   (Hey, Paula)
I like to pretend the reason why I didn't use formula sheets on my final is because I'm brilliant. I really just didn't have a clue 
@missjellyfish omg I'm so sorry to hear that, at least you had fun later though. 
sore throats are no fun 
Had a really really really bad dream. Wow. So glad I woke up! 
I woke up with a headache this morning and I didn't even drink lastnight 
@Jamiewlee5 OMG you have a twin?! That's AWESOME!! I'm an only child.  lol
i typed it up to see if mayo have one and they dont every other county has one except us  thats not fair
Enjoying my 13 day summer until i am a big girl on the 15th 
My husband &amp; I noticed that the fortune cookies at Lotus Vegetarian are not vegan.  My husband is rather upset over this 
Saints Row 2 is amazing. Server books aren't very fun to read  I've gotta learn something though for the new job.
13 days left stupid vancouver weather why is it every day i work it's sunny and hot as hell and the days i i have off the weather sucks 
I need to start packing soon. Always always fun.  
vou me afundar em bublle wrap.   whoooa.  HAPPY #FLETCHERDAY!
@Randominterrupt photorec got the photos, the movies were nowhere to be found even with paranoid/bruteforce/brokenfiles turned on 
i miss the sun!! #fortworth has been soo gloomy the past few days 
I can't believe we're at this milstone in our lives! College flashed by too quickly!  So proud of Amanda Beth, my worst best girlfriend!
@etanowitz I want that dog! But I don't think @bananakin would be happy to have another animal 
Home from the Farmers' Market &amp; the Briarwood open house. Missed the OHP event  Sorry Shane! Can't wait to see pics.
I'm starting to realize I'll never get a SUNNY day off.  
@ericdkuzma sorry you're miserable. 
I have had an eventful day! Got mowed down by woman in a wheel chair! she deliberatly went into me, have very sore ankles now! 
@kimcess haha i'm glad you like my updates... Sorry about  your airport situation! 
UGH I am NOT gonna make it to Starbucks 2day I am so not happy 
@jprose his only blocked me now coz youve upset him 
Missed Her grandad  Happy Birthday....i'll never forget you 
So, I went scuba diving in the Caymans and got &quot;the bends&quot; and had to go into the decompression chamber for 5 hours!! not fun 
Aahhhh the gloomy, rainy weather 
@joyfullykaotic Yes.  Luckily, I only have 2 hours and 40 minutes to go.
is trying to figure out what can we possibly do for seven hours? This is so not as fun as the disneyland orientation. I miss disneyland 
Happy Birthday Grandad! I miss you and will nevre forget you  
@nanotissera http://twitpic.com/4f265 - omg. they are amazing. I wish I was there 
Please! One hater already rated it 1 star   http://bit.ly/uHRcM
Bored, lonely, depressed, headachey, low energy today.  Gonna be hard to keep myself from quiting my workout early - again. 
@iPenginBrijhe thnx for input as always...im jealous i want free food 
@IHeartDank LOL I loved our Nsync session last night haha I love you sam you are fucking amazing!!!! feel better Muah! Boo Work 
Rockworld last night was awesome but lost my lovely tattoo necklace  Can't wait for Rocktober 13th!
I thought this was the desert. it is raining so hard! such a gloomy day. austin's funeral is today  god bless the stoner family
Damn it now I really am jealous!!!  LOL
my house is clean and that makes me SUPER happy.... i just need to make my bed 
didnt utilise my sunny Saturday nearly as well as I should have...will regret it around 6pm tomorrow night 
@morganmg thanks for the info, unfortunately I can't  forgot to update my address when I moved so it's post office only for me! 
@daysunfold damn it now I really am jealous!!!  LOL
tweeking the last of my diet , im gona miss you suger, soda energy drink and any other thing that made me happy 
@goodgrlgoneblog I'm so glad u watched it! Omg I know I was freaking out!! The season can't b over!! 
i don't understand why people are so mean. I just want to tell them to CALM DOWN but then i would lose my job. 
@ervinthepoetic I even bought u a chocolatemilkshake 
@AlohaArleen dont you get timed out, as i always do so unfair 
@clubemp i was totally being a good girl and didnt even drink! had to come to work early  but i had like the worst sleep ever
Paul is enjoying the nice weather went to canary wharf and Stratford today but isn't going on holiday again  not since 2006 now
Saturday + work = no fun 
@LadyRotten Well not pretty good, it suppose better stay at home , all fun places are closed ,anyways there's no other choice 
@VoltjanStevens - Guilty as charged. 
Wow, it's amazing how desolate the Metreon is. 95% of the businesses are gone. 
going to encounter im excited! but not to say goodbye to my adorable grandma 
I am in so much trouble at work its not even funny, it was an accident 
@incrediblesolv Not great 
@Grooveecar   - it was sunny here all day!
@GirliciousGirls OMGGGGGGGGG! I WISH I COULD GO SEE YOU OPEN UP FOR BRITNEY  JEALOUS &lt;3
Watched X-Men: Origins. Amazing, yet sad. Made me cry- DON'T JUDGE HOMIE! Ahhhh, Logan and Kayla :/ They should've been together 
@mollie_hannah i got so burnt like a week and a bit ago the back of my legs are just recovering! why are you disappointed/angry/scared?  X
says bye (angry)  http://plurk.com/p/rfma5
I think I will give up my oldest email address. 100 spam messages a day is just not much fun anymore... 
http://twitpic.com/4f9am - they're making the backyard into some amazing garden type thing omg 
@staceycraighead sounds like fun!  I'm finally going to the city at the end of May. I'm sad I'm gonna miss all of my Princeton peeps 
Thinking about spending my whole day at work.... not happy 
Hermosa...watching the races ! too bad its not sunny out... 
@ElaFunk no answer form Jreal..yet 
Isn't it so fun when a haircutter f*cks up your hair 
@jboogie0730 MAN! See, I didn't even get to enjoy all the fun typically associated with a headache this bad  lol
@mcclorypatrick ahhh, im jealouss  i love you thougghh! woooh
@LesleyER  reports suggest things were on shaky grounds for a v. long time maybe even b4 the marriage 
Evening all...guitar widow here, tonight and tomorrow night 
@timlovejoy not working lovejoy! 
@Jonasbrothers I am really excited to see it but unfortately I live in Brazil so i'll have to wait or see it on youtube 
sooo I picked out a winning trifecta for the first race at Churchill Downs, but couldn't place my bet in time.     Happy Derby Day!!! &lt;3
I'm sick.  so.. it's nap time! And I'm still not over how awesome last night was!
I'll be so happy when everything is it's place at home. Such a long process though. With no help 
sooo, last night was fun. waking up for math wasnt  haha u reap what u sew!
fair! Basketball! fun!  No dog til saturday  he has 2 get hiz shots!
@eyesoffire  whatz hott wit ya....Iz it sunny out there cuz I'm gettn nuttn but rain 
@meeble sounds like it was a great show! such a shame i couldn't enjoy it  what's nxt for you, big guy? lol
@TheAcademyIs182 YEAH!! (( I'm frreaking scared and hope that it's some crazy joke.  [but yes, the song will be amazing too]
Working on a new youtube video. For some reason I am not satisfied with my voice 
@ShantiSaha ugh now I feel retarted, and jayz is gonna be at tao and diddy is gona be vegas too fight nights are so fun  oh well
Still putting my portfolio together... this is exceedingly boring. Didn't even get to see the helicopters here 
@Purevenge baby you should've come home with me  i miss you already
@SongzYuuup Doing laundry unfortunately.... 7 weeks overdue... 
@LegendaryBali bali boy will u be at dragon room tuesday?? celebrating my birthday there.. i know dru n mayne in mia  but i want the rest
@wethetravis http://twitpic.com/4eniz - the California lineup wasn't even half as good as the New Jersey one  but at least i got to s ...
practice was really funnn! being a vet is hard lolll. and i pulled a muscle 
they say you should do something you enjoy after your SAT; not happening for me 
Tired and jealous my bf gets to go to sf but not me 
@cassieventura cassie when the freak is your CD coming out? I cant wait any longer  
Today's storm has taken some of the heat out of the air. Happy for now, but mildly fearful of the coming summer. I may die... 
@AnnelieNaes Will probably miss #frankie95 as my job situation feels unstable in this economy.  
@tonyella Unfortunately not. Got to sit and listen to the radio or Sky Sports News  you?
just got out of the shower. we are on tornado watch  joy. going to madisons tonight w/ madeline! yahoo!
APWR is almost over  But it was an awesome 3 hours!
@drhappymac I don't think the customer will be up for that unfortunately 
the sunshine outside is torture when I am trapped inside, covered in grease and tomato sauce... kitchen = no fun on sunny days 
Wow, even after a few extra hrs of sleep, I still feel drunk. And my phone is still not working 
i think i'v got the funk, and not the good funk.  stupid nose and throat. 
GAGA arts festival was funish. Very tired now. 
@muscledit Awww... you're too cute to be depressed 
@ohcannan SO jealous!  you can def win though! You better win.  im in the stupid library.  mer 
seven dogs+one bathtub=  me
I just saw someone in a GA shirt and got unnaturally excited, I need to go home 
@Jbofficalfans  omg, ur so lucky! here in mexico they dont even know that the JONAS will have a serie on DC!  not fair
hotel fail: no water. after last night I desperately need a shower  #vegas
Sooo thrilled to hear Floyd Mayweather is coming out of retirement!  Only bad part is I'll be in a campground in Yellowstone July 18.  
work blows today, shoulda just stayed home and cleaned! and maybe made cookies. wish steven was oming home today 
recovering from last night, is alcohol supposed to make you depressed?  I need a pick me up.
Still no apology from SAMS CLUB from Patty Joyce Regional LP 
that is very unfair. They make the violinist drop her friend then let a man making silly noises go through 
don;t know why dd is so upset, Won't really eat either. 
Had fun with Katherine, but work again tonight 
@ambercartriana  Stopping by to wish you a wonderful weekend...it is cold and rainy her in not-so-sunny California   Joy
waited in like for over an hour to meet @iamjonathancook &amp; ftsk but got turned away  bummed out... but excited for @petewentz &amp; fob
Skin is angry. Oh noes 
paying the apple tax is no fun. 
Im happy.. i get to spend time with my preggo best friend.. she doesnt get out much 
@DrUc1f3r coolio. ubuntu remix is fast, no compiz joy though 
J.O.N.A.S premiere tonight!!!!!!!!!! and i DONT  hav disney channel!!  not fair at all!!
Back from another day at Walter's.  Was tired before I even got started, and now I'm especially exhausted.  
Back from sleepover! Fun night! Lots of homework to do! 
@EmoJo of course not, that thought never crossed my mind!!! are you kidding? I've been searching for 5 hours and not even close 
@cofo314 me too! Have been working all day tho. No time to enjoy fresh air! 
I don't feel so good and I got sunburned when the sun was barely even out today 
I still don't think its fair that gizelle -idk spelling)  isn't a disney princess 
@sarabeth0604 Aw. I wish I was there with you too. I miss you. And our talks about everything and nothing  And the beach would be amazing!
No wii party. But ok because I beat Condemned 2 and have remix of &quot;Doom&quot; 60% done.  Wish Internet was stable so I can use hobnox.com tho 
This is running so late. We are suppose to leave right now but EWU hasn't even played and they take for ever 
@inkyelbows Hey Debbie. I am a long time fan, my condolances on the unfortunate death of your friend. 
Cannot make the Causes App work on Myspace  Makes me angryyyyyyyy!
ehllo peoples hope everyone has hhad a fantastic weekend its a shame that its almost at a close  means back to uni assignments tomorrow
tireddd as fuck. full of crappy junk food.  thankfully gonna spend the night with the bestieee.
Yeah. Only I could live MY life and make myself seem happy to all those who don't know any better. The only good thing I have is my job. 
@krystyl Curses! I missed out on the post move dinner.   Anyways your new place seems far more awesome than the previous one.
@plind Jailbreaking will open up a whole new world of neat tricks for your iPod touch, unfortunately Flash is not one of them right now. 
knows I had the Best day. today.. with you... &lt;3 last few days of K-ville..   but.. church &amp; my Goodbye bash today!  that boy's AMAZING
Sometimes I hate where I live...No cabs! Had to stay home 'cause I was so aggravated by waiting. Everyone's afraid when I say Roxbury 
@Skyler_Kay I need to be in a happy place!!!  
@JuanMontoya aw I love u too!!! and I miss u even more  I haven't seen u in ages.
A Nice quiet Saturday evening.  my Xbox has RROD.
Now back to that fun bedrest..  Yaayyy....   ..But I'm still blessed... always a silver lining although at times it may be hard to see it
aladdin can make this night even better. i hurt my tongue on a fucking blowpop. 
Soo jealous of anyone who saw Third Eye Blind, Asher Roth, All Time Low, and New Found Glory at Bamboozle. Tell me why I didn't go?!?! 
@TrishaTECA It was ok, I did enjoy it though, but my mind was on Simon.  But I enjoyed myself. 
@cybie2k I agree! He's utterly fantastic. That Dominic impression - I'm wowed. Going to be sad once show's over  What do you think so far?
@tyDi dude awesome album, but where is &quot;You Walk Away&quot;?! 
The march of dimes event was very awesom today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! To bad I didnt win the car.    
Just got back from barnes and noble I know sorry I am a book worm, got 2 books and seventeen to read after state testing this week gross 
ughh shit i walked into my grandmas wall! my head hurts  haha but it was kinda funny xD
@FightFairsd  im gonna do my best to make it tomorrow
the sound of rain would be amazing right now without all the wind 
I suppose this Niagara Falls downpour we're now having is a result of the sunny April we had...? 
@CHRIS_Daughtry I apologize for all the random BS- but I have to ask, &amp; many want to know...Were you offended by &quot;The Pants&quot; business? 
@waxkrayon awesome saturday night idea - arson. set fire to a random building! perfect plan! ... no? ok... 
I am so excited to sleep on the good mattress tonight. Also, I think I'm the only filipino who didn't watch the fight 
@FUCKCITY Fucking amazing show tonight, I was sad we didn't get to meet you guys  Oh well, next time!
@xkathy thanks!! I had a lot of fun! I wish you could be here 
Back from the standup show at yuk yuk's. The guy was really funny. I just can't remember his name 
The bus was supposed to leave 20 minutes ago, and it's not even HERE  yet! 
And it didn't even have room service! I was so excited too  I hope that employee gets fired because of this
Having braxton hicks contractions...and a really sore spot near my belly button.  Feels like I'm ripping apart.  AWESOME 
my mom's laptop has ie 6, i didn't know people still used that ... sadly it's her work laptop so i can't even update 
@Mashaaaaa dont make fun of the dead. actually its okay,.its not like they're gonna cry or feel sad .. if they did that wouuld be creeepy 
i was at the studio with my girls had fun im missing rave though 
highhhh. madd fun at the hotel party. although i miss him... 
@tommcfly haha i met dan at my last dream, so funny.. Wish it was true  i'll try to meet you now, ha! Xxx
@Mashaaaaa wait NO I MEANT DONT MAKE FUN OF YOURSELF .. its not good 
I'm closer where I started....chasing after you........I'm fallin even more in love with you* holding on to all I've held on to 
@CBD126  That's upsetting.
I am SO upset that @johncmayer is in Vegas this weekend! I was just there last weekend, why couldn't he have gone then!  lol
@foomin231 lisa... YOU... are amazing... come live with me! I currently live with 2938472394 people... none of which will make me a cake 
Going 2 go fold some more clothes.Fun. 
Oh my gawd. Eleven thirty a.m. not p.m.  no yo gabba gabba tonight.
Cant believe the four-day weekend is also already over ! This is incredible..oh how I wanted that &quot;best job in the world&quot; but no swimming 
Bamboozle seems so fun. Sucks it`s impossible to go 
@NKOTB I am DEFINATELY not a winner. I didnt win the contest or runner up or even honorable mention, And I never get tweeted back. 
@angel_lisa ill put you on the list. unfortunately you would be number 43,926 
I have not rite to be jealous, but paranoia mixed with past experience.. throw in the fact that I'd've loved to've been there.. 
@rickyhorror yeah. unfortunately. 3 midnight shifts in a row. 
@shadowmaat ah yes, the joy of cyberstalkers.   sorry about that. 
Watching Twilight trying to make time pass. It goes so slowly when ur not having fun 
@fiddles4 most def even got my first bbgun. But i already broke that 
O.k. so I love me some Popeye's but A) stomach ache B) Gas C) crying angry baby.  So, I'm thinking no more Popeye's.  
@adevenish I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
 I'm having a shitty night too, ihope you feel better @StevenRayMorris
@MightBeMarissa I was trying to ask what @tally_whacker looks like... but i failed. @HappyCassie WUZ NOT!  @ITSMEMAAAC no im not! 
@KarmaElite @dreamsneverend Yeah, but the girl who played her isn't even in it.  It's some other actress playing an older version of her.
starting to maybe re-think comic press. . .  the way the ranting works is rather upsetting  
BarCamp was mentally taxing but fun. Didn't get to meet everyone  I hope you all had a good time! #bcp3
everyone fkn cancelled on me for tomm... im type livid... o well... its my fam time anyone.. ima enjoy myself... 
After the concert I was relaxed and happy when I looked at the car in front of us and It was Bullfrog's, had the license plate, PTjobs 
@snobscrilla @singingwhoa OMG SO JEALOUS, YOU'VE SEEN JONAS! 
No twitter for a week, very depressed. Cutting myself off from the world for about a week. Gonna go cry myself to sleep. Goodnight. 
Still plugging away at my project. Got a lot done fortunately, yaye! Hopefully I'll be finished by tomorrow. Weekend has gone by too fast 
i dunno why these days songs related to &quot;HOME' fascinate me so much..is tht cuz i'm moving??? i DUN WANT 2 LEAVE MY FRIENDSSSS 
Just left casino and hitting the sack since my bf is a sleepy head. no fun for me 
is having a great weekend and going to work later  not excited about that...! trying to find a ew job... hopefully!!!!
Is no longer excited about college... 
@galengering *LOL* That is funny!  I love you &amp; Ali 2gether. Hope they keep you as a couple. They're letting so many good 1's go 
@madeofhoney mmkay. i got the perfect compromise. if u join the p.c.  im taking up violin. are u enjoying the moobie?
@mileycyrus how was the event?! sad I couldn't go 
eat something is what i'm desperately needs rite now 
@MonicaFirexxx yes it did.  and they are a client.  my lawyers will have fun with that 
collected smalls from treehouse at 2.30; disturbed by middle et al's 8-bit audio at 6.30  (they're all sleeping but gamecube's still on)
Hitting your funny bone really fucking hurts 
Not too happy. I don't know why. Cheer me up?? 
my room feels empty even tho its so messy with piles of givaway stuff.. MAN YOU SHOULD SEE IT!! .. 
@mariajessica Didn't even get to see it... 
I have entirely too much to do and may have to skip out on my fun plans for tomorrow. 
@larry_underwood Yes, it's real, unfortunately.  
im kinda mad that jonas brothers werent there wen they were supposed too...  . . . but i still had fun, and i can always go to their casa
@CopTheTruth I've been told!! LOL see...I'm so boring I don't even keep up with HP!!! *sigh* 
 Hilary is being a bumface because I won! and she is upset. in your fae hilary!
has work related injuries.. and not enough sleep .. 
@MarieLuv U Still love me Ms Love?    I hope my question didnt upset you. I apologize.
So stressed out about finals next week!    Can't believe I have to smoke to calm my nerves.
I want a baby...  I know, I know, whiny little brats, but the joy would be immense.
Wow. Failure. Dang. Im so bummed right now it's not even funny. 
@michellecpa HAD A PANIC ATTACK? OMG I had to text people and get them to calm me down, hubby was not there and i was alone 
@brittney92287 awww....thats cute. eventhough I said I would come over.... 
Had a fun day at the beach.  Now gotta study tomorrow 
Awww , it was quite cloudy and pleasant, now sunny again 
The auction was fun enough. Glad i'm home though. Sad that Cody hasn't called me.  Oh well off to bed or maybe a movie first.
I took a shower in blue berry vodka tonight and not by choice  but I had fun dancin'!
Got back from Villa Sorriso....uhhh I had sooo much fun! I reallly like this waiter...but he's totallly taken 
haha, amazing last Saturday night in Monads. Gonna miss everyone so much 
@cbrock2 and i unfortunately did not get wicked tickets (they only give out 20) 
FML, what a horrible ending to a fun night 
my stomache is upset. all i want to do is cuddle with my kevin and fall asleep.. 
@ahdubbie awwwww I didn't even know! 
Im sorry I missed out on the Post Secret/Hope Line Fund Raiser. 
@gerardway kinda tired it sucks  have school tomorrow. Come back to NZ you concert was awesome!
is enjoyin her final days in Richmond with the besties?....despite finals 
@jburchett unfortunately you arent here 
Just leaving the beach. We had an awesome time. Even tho i had an ear ache all day. 
@ShenaniganJenn I didn't even notice that!  If you are getting your drink on, drink some for me!! I have no lovely drinks.  
Lazy Sunday afternoon nothing left to do but prepare for Monday!!!  Time to go to a happy place
Heaps upset the saints game isn't being televised! 
@pamsprayng you'd probably criticize the masseuse!! Then she'd purposefully make mine painful 
@bubbles303 yes its really awesome if i could go outside and run id be hapy but its almost 12am 
Had an awesome time last night! not enjoying the down-buzz though 
Morning all, up early again, but the house it quiet so i can watch some recorded TV in peace lol, it grey and miserable outside 
is home na  whew, Subic was fun (lol) wasn't to able to go to the beach though..  http://plurk.com/p/rhmao
@tomselleck69 a-all the fairy dust  ?
yay; fair was amazing; I love my wifey; twin; &amp;+ juliieee. whoo. it's 2, i'm not tired 
Me and @girisrini havin a Movie Marathon here. @girisrini leaving for home tonight  But it has been a wonderful weekend! YAY!!!
Yummy! Lean Pocket Pizza is amazing! Got outta work late.    Pool tomorrow? Yes!
my throat hurts even more now bc i was screaming haha. i keep needing to sneeze, i hate that feeling; my sneezes wont come out 
my net is so fucking unstable today it keeps dropping out 
just got back from the show... Damaged, Enemy Inside, and Moral Pestilence were awesome.  too tired to be funny and snarky.  
well...Im single again!!!hahaha... its not funny 
had a fun day. thinks his friends are awesome! work tomorrow 10-2 
Too depressed to sleep.  He is leaving for SF and I have to leave NYC 
Going stables soon!! So thought i would come on here &amp; find out how everyone is before i get ready?! ... Its really cold outside!!  ... x
Ready to go to sleep after a long 12+ hour day at the fabulous Club Lib.  Ugh, work in a.m.  So NOT fun   Night all!
looooong day of babysitting and it's not even over yet 
...which was a plus.  It's also a plus to know that there are vegan cops out there (even though my officer wasn't     ).
I'm working on entertainment marketing and sales budgeting plans for school.... how funtabulous 
@poorboy8u well  I'm sorry..  I &lt;3 you and you're amazing. so BOOM, take that
@jOrgyLiCiOuS  we were able to watch it.... but we wanna replay it..  my fam's in bohol right now!! i'm jealous 
@jennadesigns Not in school.. This is some kind of architecture related accreditation exam! Eeeeeek. Too much to memorize! 
had an amazing time at Xstatic and can't believe it's over 
nighty night and sweet dreams.. work at 8am fun.  Amber
@dre1503 gnight hun! umm I didn't even know!...Montoya told me it was on thurs...had no idea you guys were going tonight! aw  how was it?
OMG! This shit is so funny!!!! Now I must go to bed   http://tinyurl.com/5gcwps
annnd so starts war of the roses part eleventy billion.  how do you walk away from the love of your life?
i wish kids educated themselves. i just read a forum on a website &quot;he got a alsom mind&quot; she wanted to say &quot;he's got an awesome mind&quot; 
@jennyGOLD omggg have fun tomorrow especially when No Doubt performs  &lt;3 lollll
funn dayy!! didn't see lucas till though 
Fable issue #9 while awesome is a poor substitution for Batman issue written by his majesty Msr. Gaiman 
sitting in bed doing homework. angry and sad about some things 
is on...twitter? How does this thing even work!?!? so confused.  help.
Just made an accoung on a Paintchat called Ratemydrawings, without even knowing what its like I'm so smart 
i know i should be happy about the five that did get in but the one that didn't was one of my favourites of the collection 
@MCRmuffin TBPID is awesome, you're missing out 
@LBOI oh &amp; all the wonderful wine - slightly hung over 
happy birthday to josh-- sorry we had to leave the party early 
wishing i went to bamboozle 3000 miles away  was it amazing for those who went?
@frankiedelgado not up to much tonight, bored   Have fun!
my dog ate my hat - not funny 
I hope everyone who went to the camping trip this w/e had fun   I am sorry I missed it 
@heyitscj i'm so envious 
I don't like this gloomy weather...Sun has even peeked out today 
krissy u are right! iam a jerk!  I don't even notice.lol.
feeling bad for ricky hatton, pity.  YEY FOR PACMAN!!!  U MADE US HAPPY AGAIN!!!
too tired to update everything i need to... work will have to wait for monday. even warcraft will have to wait. 
Funny thing is sean made me cry? Serious talks arent cool. 
Man my sunburn hurts! I hate having fair hair/skin 
@jennaq hey don't worry about it. just updated the links and the events. Im going to the shelter to bring some foster kittens 
@Pro_94JBIT yes!!!!!! It was awesome!!! Poor Nick!!! 
resident evil 5 is awesome!!!i can play it all day without rest.i play it on my dads xbox,so i had to leave it in my parents room 
Bored the girls are talking about Taning!! Not fun at all I know we are girls but some talks are not important 
haha that was so funny...I'm bored 
Just got home from an eventful evening. Loaded with assessments.. Gonna be a busy week. Swim training commences tomorrow morning 
Need a strong cuppa coffee. Unfortunately, we don't get good strong coffee here. Its all milk 
pukebuckets... someone really upset me today. 
Well boozeday was fun up until I rolled my ankle thanks to Spokane's fucked up un-even side walks 
@MCRmuffin me too, it happens with other songs too - even Interlude is amazing and no one ever mentions it 
@JOHN_AF @KennyArchie sadly yes... I took breaks in btwn but I have two midterms this week so this has NOT been a fun weekend 
@MeLLo_T naw man. I don't even have his contact.  don't phil got twitter?
Wishing I could make (elegant) use of the function and list applicative functors in MATLAB 
@kate38381849 not muchhh, kinda upset, cuz my break is over  and you hunnn?
@tommyoroguestar i can't this sat  but that guy is pretty funny
i fucking love fairss!!! ahh soo much fun energized for a party 
@funkyturtle_des oh wow that sucks  but I think it is either everyone helps or he cant come home  bcz he needs help when you are at work
Dodgers won.  but I was on the jumbotron. So I guess it evens out.
@Stilgar702 Awe I love Disney, but unfortunately that makes me think of my ex. 
: Spaceballs isn't funny when you see it more than once :/ If it's even the movie I'm thinking of... no movie watching before sleeping. 
@JadedTLC  that's alright...we were pretty happy to get him on board... we're going to be getting some pretty sweet deals in your spot.
@sybastien thanks, so much tension - not good  I am up first today, is this the calm before the storm returns?
Almost back to Marble Falls... the gig in Austing was fun.. im sad I didnt get to hang longer 
@eclewis awesome thanks!!!, i work at comcast i can try some singals to your cable box, but it just sounds like a bad one 
@GaryZero I'm jealous and up too late already. 
no Rant n Rave Radio today  co-host phoned in crook. you can enjoy past shows. no doubt we'll do a make up show #rant #radio #talkback
ze ipod is acting funny, hope its not damaged 
@mitchelmusso Nothing you can do about the rain sweetie...just be glad there was some.  We need it badly where I am.  
@mennard fly back tue  will be glad to be on dry land and off floating old people's home tho
is falling asleep even with her triple shot grande 
@Jgeneser .....even though you are talking about the punk band. 
@morrgaine I hate performance exhaust on &quot;tuners&quot;. So now ur ford focus went from 105hp to 110hp and sounds like a fart. Awesome 
Proud of my productivity today. Still so much to do....no end in sight 
@Midnightmatters assuming they even get into a hospital at all. 
I hate that I still get that nervousexcitedhappybubblyanxious love feeling when I think about him. 
Party @ TheWren's was fun but couldn't stay long enough  Enjoyed @siskita in Ruddigore &amp; had blast hanging w/some LA friends after. Tired.
@SNBupdates yeah no fun. 
Dope show was great. Can't say I enjoyed BLS. 
Naza is sooooooooooooo messed up right now its funny yet sad at the same time 
Friday night was amazing...Drunkenness with my friends...and a party I would be killed for if my parentals knew I threw...tonight was meh 
@budget_blonde i was very upset the warriors lost 
DAMMIT! Just woke up from the best dream ever!!! I'm now angry and sad  . What happen in it you ask? Well @MyNameIsIngrid was at my house!
@Techni_Kohler Oh, I'm so sick I didn't make it. I have some of Yaw music &amp; he is off the hook, but Bilal is FANTASTIC...I'm sick 
Chapel street was funnn. I need my Frankie, though! 
@Munchjn oh, have fun there, sorry i cant be there 
@paulwinnband Nope  but fkn awesome!!
Last stop 4 da nite, PoleKats! Uggggh man, I'm not excited at all! Didnt hv a very good experience last time I went, I jus want my bed!! 
has a very funny younger brother. is really homesick now 
sat night live with k.clark. Didnt get to drink tonight   Although im sure my liver is happy for the break
enjoying our last day in auckland   i'm so sad to leave nz...
is gutted for the hitman   i cried! time to  throw in the towel return home  proud of you m8 ... your  a true  champion to your fans .xx
going to church, someone just told me even if i lived there permenantly it won't be enough to be forgiven for all my sins 
@iB3nji JEALOUS!!! I'm just excited about MMS because my best mate keeps sending me stuff and I cant view/listen to it  and Copy &amp; Paste!
I've not heard any positive feedback at all about the Caxton St Seafood event. That sucks for the organisers 
@SOTCC  You went to the Amber Pacific//Fight Fair show tonight at Chain?! Awesome! Hope it was good. I had no ride from LBC to Anaheim. 
I enjoy work, I just REALLY hate getting up and going there 
@AaronGallery not too great, I need to crunch in more numbers to my bank account to enjoy it more, 
@musiclikemercy I was glad you came by. We will have to watch The Last Five Years another night. Have board meeting Monday night 
@LinesandVines I missed applebees? Makes me even sadder... 
I was offline for a week. don't feeling good. I'm sad. depressed mood, I never have luck with men.  what now? Its that the end?
@therealsavannah S club 7 is amazing, do you remember A-Teens LOL or All Saints  so sad they broke up
going to my volunteers job in 45 minutes, getting ready now. After that, birthday of Steven's grandma...No D&amp;D tonight 
@dalyat i didnt even get invited 
@funwithstuff ohnoes?  Hope she's ok.
@mileycyrus hope you have fun in atlantis. i would be there but sadly i'm too far away  canadas a looooooooong ways away from that
. I could make you happy but you don't let me 
I should probably not still be in bed, but the alternative is not brilliant. 
It seems the bus timetable has changed recently. This is unfortunate because I thought I'd be on one now. 
Wolverine didn't even stand a chance of living up to all the hype generated by TV. 
Three hours sleep, not even close to enough 
@RealSelenaG yhhh I awesome yup no this not my twitterfon though 
is totally disgusted 
Unfortunately our age started to show, feet and backs started bothering us and we never made it back out to what sounds like a great time 
@MannythePirate I was just gonna mention James.He is funny.&amp; cute.I say Heath Ledger.Even though he no longer appears on the big screen. 
is baby-sitting Finn while 'rents go 2 Stanford Hall VW show. Glad not going cuz would rather not walk around reminiscing about last year 
Aww   im sorry... Thats even sadder
@BrianYanMuk would like to see PRINT option enabled, so that users can print lyrics for off line (reading) enjoyment. Not allowed 
Good times in Chapel Hill tonight... Sad that this is my last fun weekend in NC 
Tweet if everytime you're out on a sunny day &amp; you have U2's 'Beautiful day' stuck in your head?  It's sunny and i'm working  bah!
I am in such a good mood right meow!! super excited for summer, gotta get thru hell week though 
Realized the person I've been upset with for the past month posted photos I took of them up on Myspace. Not very pleased with that. 
Sleep, sad movie  but so good, seven pounds, rent it, watch it with kleenex
Just here enjoying a late Sat. night, but my Xbox Live ran out, so now i have nothing to do 
@joesephjonas @jonasbrothers Australia is so behind we don't get J.O.N.A.S until June   I can't wait 2 c it! the sneak peak was so funny!
): cuz i fell asleep not even 10mins l8r she texts me  this is just great&lt;/3
I am exhausted. Prom was fun but High school is almost over..tired 
Was in bed at 2.30 and have been up since 8..not good at all  at least i don't have a hangover - the joys of not drinking 
woke up with headache, trying to finish new moon, want movie now, loads of ironing to do now  happy days
@lizluvsJK As a teacher,I am sure you are safe. i worked at a dealership,not so safe, lol. Laid off  But glad I was,I was miserable there
I thought I had this bad habit of staying up late under control.  Upset that I am still up at 4:02 am. Need to put myself on a time out.  
Of course, it ain't so fun when, after you've cleaned up your room, they tell you they aren't visiting anymore. 
It's not sunny anymore! 
@sebskuse Bah  I have to wait til Tuesday, when the download servers will probably be killed  Not on MSDNAA, unfortunately.
Wolverine was awesome!!! Too bad the special effects sucked 
@trvsbrkr would have thought Hatton's big head would take more....glad i didnt stay up til 4.00am for that one, your lucky in the US!! 
pretty amazing night if I do say so myself..   Why does college have to be over?! 
I wish I could travel back in time to 1964 to go to the worlds fair 
Andy Samberg is the only funny cast member left on SNL.  I miss Victoria Jackson and Chris Kattan. And Ferrell, Spade, Farley, Hartman...
had alot of fun at the TrenchfooT show tonite...Rage made me miss/think about Stomphonic and JR 
home from my first footy game. had fun. just wish tigers could have got those two points 
catherinee isss upsettt  hahah inside jokee
just got up and gettin ready for work  hope its sunny later on lol
tumblr is so much more fun than twitter 
@vectisdebs morning, why is it going gloomy here 
Is it bad that I feel sad that I got kicked our of an xbox live party of fun people? 
I have the muuuuunchies. Craving some doritosssss and hot funyuns 
@SoulReader Possibly.  Usually I hide behind my refrigerator.  Mercury Retro hits me hard.  I work in the hotel industry.  Its never fun. 
I missed The Exciting Middle Part of the Fairly Odd Parents movie tonight 
t sucks how much work i have to do today! and its sunny 
@jacobbundren that's what i'm thankful for. and the same goes to you. i'm gonna miss you when you move. 
Life sucks, depressed, and boozing to hide it aint helping  being dumped sucks like a big bag of hurt 
How come I'm not happy after a night like tonight? My buddys batchlor party, I'm the best man, and I'm not happy.  what is wrong with me?
i hate penny! and does dj am not know how gorgeous he is because his girl isnt! ewww im a hater! my lovers have gross lovers 
@KelseaSays oh, sweetie..  try, listen one music calm. You can this? I guess.. so much better..
an amazing night with @luisoda im going to miss him so much when he leaves for cali in 2 weeks 
read news. now it's, time to get up! shouldn't drunk that damn energy drink which prevented me to sleep till 4 AM  gonna take a shower
Listening to KoL before work. Hoping it will psyche me up to go in on such a sunny day. It is doing the opposite... 
Woke up feelin extremely happy after last night, then realised ive got such painful blisters  lol
@edney45 b'nell is Hebrew for mutant child, loads about up there, I'm desperate for a poo 
@kazwccsocialnet if thats the case, It will take till today evening to get online,.. 
@tommcfly Ahhh, I tried. But it didn't work..  I'm knackered... but I'm seeing you guys on Tuesday, so I'm HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY  xxx
My weekend was full of music, alcohol, great friends, good laughs, and wonderful magic moments w/my Husband. Goodbye weekend. 
Went to London yesterday to see WICKED the Musical for the second time. AMAZING. Kerry Ellis is amazing at Elphaba!! she's leaving 
Jus got gome from rehearsal with Croom and T...awesome show can't wait to perform it! Back is killing me  bedtime..nitey nite twiggies...
@Epic_War_MT I don't wanna hear about it! Mostly cause I'm jealous 
Not a happy girl right now 
@sthompson717 yes, me too...that's what happens when i sleep in the evening and wake up at like 11:30/12:00   I missed a night out...
Not feeling the best. Im a lil upset about @mileycyrus's concert on 1st of May that i was gonna go to but cant afford 
@claudiachaouka1 your scaring me . :\ dude i'm still studying . Not happy jan ! lol need help 
@lmmenge yeah I agree! I was so excited to see the movie and I'm really dissapointed 
Just finished a fun night with friends and has to wake up for work in 2.5 hours 
@_snaphappy oh poo.... need to buy lint remover at ace hardware kasi.. 
Bugger, the other team are a no show. This will be a fun 2 hours 
@djmc Hah, I've been such a happy Ihug/Voda customer I've not paid much attention. Telecom delayed install at this house by 6 months 
... makes it all soooo tiring  Flying is no fun. I loved it when  I was younger...
Amazing weather. Depressingly, I have a target of 1500 words for today 
@justjuniper i live in both worlds unfortunately  don't we all? boo to that! lol
Monkey World yesterday was a big hit. They're doing great work. Off to the beach this morning. Joy! I hate beaches. 
i look so funny. i am in pjs, ugg boots, cup of tea, beanie and a box of tissues.  clear signs of sickness 
More slab laying today  Even though i never did anything yesterday!!!!! 
@elharaty but bike riding = sweaty, and doing so in underwear sounds like a recipe for fun chafing 
@ellyasabdullah It will soon be over  U r happy abt werkin on Sunday? Beautiful morning to go to the beach though...
@lastkaled I liked your picture. Except that you look about 10 years younger than me in it which just isn't fair 
my TV is on the fritz again  shuts itself off even when watching netflix on xbox, which used to be the one way it wouldn't fritz
Had a great night with some pretty awesome friends  But now I have to go to work for some sunday banter. booo 
@reeginee well we must hang out anyways just because we both rule so hard :p i'm sad... no more fun  cups, and fat people 
Purse party was fun! I'm sooo tired, and I gave away my day off tomorrow 
is annoyed  why do people never pick up the phones when you really need them too?
I cannot believe I am up @ 4am even though I took an Ambien.  I just can't sleep. 
so Lollipops and rainbows was a bit of a downer  but I still had funn! HA I stalked Noah Cyrus!! I think I scared her 
*sigh* I think I'm funny... I'm on the ball today comeback central... apparently I'm a paper bag bitch 
@ninjamoeba sorry to hear that  I had my wallet stolen in the Morley Galleria Target once. That event turned me into a epic snob.
@Peulo no use :| it doesn't even work on me. &amp; i have tried everything.. I REPEAT, EVERYTHING &gt;:| Itzz super frustrating, yo  Yep, ido 
Awake, just about, feel like I've got a mega hangover but wasn't even drinking! How is that even fair??!? 
@DuchessSamantha- I know! unfortunately, I wasn't the one to take it 
don't want my BF to leave me this evening for another week... 
is so angry at MAX EISNER for hurting one of her best friends 
Argh goddamn trains changing routes halfway through  I don't even know the number to call in late to work
9.6, 8, 9, 10 for my CS lab... wahaha... not quite happy with the 8 one... they didn't say what is not allowed (and that's what i did)... 
desperately seeking a gud novel 
Morning! Hope everyone's enjoying sucky sunday! Grr sundays 
Visible Tweets http://tinyurl.com/csn5ap is fun app, though you can't embed  Shows recent tweets in attractive visual style (via @daynah)
@wooncherk not happy?! I am worse... 
@ninjamoeba  Hope you'd get the main contents of your bag back!
@MsCandy718 ohhhhhhhh .... im here workin while you having fun !!!! 
realized nathan wasnt at church this arvo. wonders why and is excited for wildfire night. on the car, on the way home now 
Urgh, I made all that effort to get up early and they didn't even pick me up 
@JadeLouisee  dont even flipping talk to me 
still no reply from my host staring to get really annoyed now he promised me monday with a answer its now sunday  
fffuuu randoms spammers who follow me, now it's  uneven 
had a blast visiting tilly on the sunny coast , i miss the coast!!!!  stoked for public hol tomorrow- sleep in woop!!
im sitting on the floor, filled with enthusiasm (i was being sarcastic!) uh oh i've got the SAT's on 11th-16th may! 
in Rome, just saw &quot;Angels and Demons.&quot; ITS AWESOME!!! and I'm not saying that because a studio flew me here.  Sadly, no Clint Howard 
@jaimiejenkins haha in a perfect world, le sigh.. I hope you two had fun tonight. Bummed I couldn't make it 
Cap'ns making fun of my story.  -Steffy-
not to warm today, and I'm angry today, sometimes people you love is just acting stupid... 
doing my assignment this is so fun 
Just got nudged to update. . .lolllll. &lt;3 Insomnia is no fun when @subeta quests don't reset. 
What's wrong with Plurk?! It's not functioning well.  WOO. 60 followers. hahah. Lame ko!
not sleeping. should be. gotta get up at seven. i need a job where i can sleep in. also, the toilet is broken. 
@I_Am_A_Geek i had lots of fun..and now it's time for the showdown with homework!! gaaah 
This entire thing has been absurd. At least t-cot fights about money and power.   Oh, the darks joys in being a republican  #p2
@robygirl53 was that showw that you watched Oprah? cause i saw that ep on puppy mills  glad to say we didn't buy Max he was a rehomed pup
@AngryBritain not so much of the young nowadays... 
i am annoyed that the mother deleted britains got talent 
@DistantFate Sound was great at the Union Chapel. Loved the Smoke Fairies support act. Gig was good. Shame we didn't have a good camera 
Pacquiao fight...still can't get over the concussion that Hatton faced. it's unbearable; i don't like to see anyone getting hurt 
wants to be happy  http://plurk.com/p/rif9w
@Sewwychristne Argh! Do you even need to talk to play it? Why not type? Can he play in another room? 
@revolutionaren Actually, I shouldn't have added 'lol' it's not funny 
@Gregjames The area looks amazing! Shame I havn't got tickets 
My car just got upstaged by a new snazzy version, and now it and I feel a little sad  but still happy for Joyce and her new car...
Had such a blissful sleep and woke up having completely forgotten I have work today 
@tommcfly TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM *---------* I luv u and Gio s2s2s2 please Giovanna in Brasil in 29may  xx HAPPY POYNTER'SDAY &amp; HOPPUSDAY
As always... it's 4 am and I'm not even tired! 
is upset that Torres won't be playing against Newcastle because of his hamstring injury. 
Frustrated with my inability to load a picture  sadness http://myloc.me/rUm
@CerebDaithi that would be so fucking awesome. booze, kick'n back, shooting the shit with some good friends. that'll never happen though 
@tommcfly Is it really nearly all over already?  It always seems to fly by.  Oh well, that just makes it even closer to the next tour ;)
happy sunday have a great bank holiday weekend time to get on with some psychology work then french then time to leave for work 3-7 
Long day Pac layed out hatton Drose and the bulls didnt fair so well  but hey Blackjack, Basketball and Boxing overall a good day
Getting ready to go to the funeral 
Woke up mad early and couldn't even sleep last night cuz it was too early 
SO upset! I forgot about my tattoo when I put on perfume this morning - the alcohol started to dissolve it 
@GirasWorld No problem... I've got a bunch more to post too! None of anyone getting kissed though, unfortunately. 
@iamlittleboots so envious.. I want to go to Japan / Tokyo too 
the sun is coming up and i didnt even get to go to sleep yet    lol
it's almost evening and i haven't got your message, where are you? 
I need a break.  I'm not even where I stopped last night   this is going to take hours now.
we got fryred again  our follower related scaler didn't fire up any AMI's
@KaterinaM101 I did try and visit for the big surprise, but my laptop wasn't having it (even using a text only client). Sorry 
@NathanaelB They do look like fun drives. At least a MINI wasn't blown up in the movie. My Subaru heart was sobbing 
i am getting really hyped for taz, i need to calm down... ill think about the athletics tomorrow and how much my knee is killing me 
really gutted that i couldnt go to bamboozle and every1 seems to be sayin how good it was   well hope every1 had fun
Bored at work. How do u justified working on sunday? Its unfair i tell u. 
Heading off for Kasauli (finally) in a short while. Still have to pack and I didn't even have breakfast today  #Famished
I'm watching , @AlyciaBella, @v_simmons, @laceefranks I wish i was at this party they are having so much fun,  i hate Australia now.
im not a happy camper.... 
@Galiiit why arnt you going?  im kind of excited just because i like suprises...haha
did u hear bud broke his leg ...cast comes off in 8 days  hes fine just frustrated
I love the sound of rain and thunder. Unfortunately my poor puppy hates it 
@DavidH66 Oh not fair. I've not even had a bacon sarnie yet 
I am working on my presentation about Czech national bank. No fun at all 
is not feeling well... tummy hurts... not used to sleeping this late  had fun with the girls today! Tomorrow: parade of homes w/Peter &lt;3
@xo_mcflyandjb you know why.   and you forgot i was EVEN on the phone. i was waiting there for like 10 minutes
Writing assignment on differences between traditional market research &amp; user centered design. Such a big subject condensed into 1 block 
I am planning to go see castle in a couple of weeks. I am kinda excited. Will have to sit in a train for 3 hours though.  Aw well.
but is starting to get slightly frustrated by the alarm that has been going off for at least 20 hours 
Good Morning...Good Morning.... Is ready for a Work Filled day ....On a sunday  and didnt enjoy the fire alarm at 5.30..could be worse. xx
Hates Fox for canceling the best show ever created: PRISON BREAK  it's been an amazing four seasons! ='(
What am I gonna do today? Gotta do the production log and critical analysis  - wow this is gonna be fun 
Just missed my train  gonna be late for lunch. But it's okay...going to Senderens! So excited!!! 2 stars baby!
@Wil_Anderson That is fucking disgusting. Gruen is the best show on Aus TV. Suitcaseguess is a new low even for gameshows. 
@pollyesther Let's just say...it didn't take 3 hrs to finish the work  hope it was fun!
@nashmeg Love you nashmeg, missing you lotsh  Have fun tonight =D Sitting on top of my castle; CRUMPET TIME! xxxx
@kesouthall belfast is good. nice and sunny. currently making a blogging plan for the week. office on a sunny sunday? 
@RealSelenaG Ahh i missed it  Your amazing by the way 
Three &amp; a half blissful hours of Maths. Feeling strangely empty now... and it's all returning.  Need to find more work to do. 
why does the sun shine on a weekend? - the beach will be crawling with people  - i want a sunny weekday when kiddies are in school
That's it OH - has demnded no more washing til repairman comes - could be 2 weeks  - laundromat for me from now on  - NOT HAPPY JAN
isn`t excited for tomorrow. 
@sebinaj  @remzology I was not getting anything productive out of the tweets, so I dropped finally   Now I kw hw wonderful #wci was  #bck5
Just updated the blog - blog.printshiptn.com - will post more tomorrow. Getting sleeeeepy - jet-lag is NO fun!! 
About to enter State Theatre to see Dylan Moran, no photos allowed unfortunately 
@saltyshutter as nuts  hope you got some awesome shots to make up for It.
Goin 2 sleep nw. I hve skwl 2mrw  I &lt;3 my iPhone app called esleep I put on a timer 4 1h it jus mkes da sounds I wnt e.g peaceful rain.
@amy__xx oh that was brilliant :') i hated it at first, but miss it very much now 
i want to go to america!! its not fair 
I got all excited thinking I saw an alien...it was my sister 
@tommcfly @gfalcone601 TOOOOOOOM *---------* I luv u and Gio s2s2s2 please Giovanna in Brasil in 29may  xx HAPPY POYNTER'SDAY &amp; HOPPUSDAY
Studying for my chemistry exam in a week!!!  urgh but on the good side my new iMac is amazing!!!!! Lol having a nice weekend everyone?
@Sazchik  the hairy bikers are fab, sooo funny, unfortunately they had a warm up man on before them and he was just dreadful 
WCI was SO FUN that i can actually remember this year! so much for the after after party 
has just woke up from a verry eventfull night , not feeling my best  but you no what..... its hot outside  x
wonderfully slow start to the day. BUt now for shopping and then on with work 
tonight was no fun and super lame. waste of time and stupid bars/alcohol. i wish that there were cute, nice guys to party with....but no. 
no money no fun!  have to wait 'til wednesday!
RIP Pushing Daisies. It was fun while it lasted  Happy Supernatural Sunday!
@kenobiwan I saw the headline and got all excited, thinking someone had invented some magical speaker improvementware. poo. 
@houzhou  oooh and unfortunately Soodhun wasn't in front of you 
 even worse than I thought 
@torilovesbradie why are you upset? are you ok 
Lost my oyster card last night. Not happy about it 
My email just so is not working   Going to tidy my scraproom later and check out all the awesome challenges on www.scrapinstyletv.com
@dallashappyhour awww sorry too late 
Morning all..fun l.nyt wit my girls.wishin I could go out 2nyt!!get hammered.2much 2do tho 
@liz_azyan know what u mean about missing fighting; really enjoyed fighting last week after months off, just a shame I messed my hand up 
why is dasha so bad tempered? she's always picking on peggy-rose. she upsets me a lot sometimes 
@ilovedricoll me too. but im not even going to the concert 
up at 6:15 on a sunday morning and feeling miserable... my allergies are getting the best of me. 
@DavidFrancis19 Yeah i felt it wasn't a good start hair too short &amp; she didnt seem that funny. I love Gretel though! Hair toooooo short 
I't sunny outside, so paperwork or gardening? 
Need to start exercising, but I hate running, and there's nowhere nice to walk even remotely near to me 
Just got done with a very fun, very long game night! Can't wait to have a real job so I don't have to work on the weekends, like tomorrow 
Kinda regretting turning down AIR project yesterday, even though it did have a ridiculously short deadline. Want to work on an AIR app 
@Simon__R I can't even get 1 stelf fighter  let me guess you have a new BBQ?LOL
@kateri_t Yeah, I'm interested in that too. Unfortunately I have friends over so I can't come and play now 
@trevormendham It's looking like it's me unfortunately 
Nice and sunny here today but hayfever has kicked off   oh well looks like day on PC moderating on .com for me.
@jodieworld Because we need to grow to make Britain better and we need people like these to do so. The AngryMan is almost out of ideas 
@tommcfly the merch looks amazing this year! just a shame i havent got any money at all   x
@inkromance what are you reading at the moment? my neck currently prevents me from reading 
@sahiraa &lt;3 We shall continue following each other. Jorge and Joyce gave up on me 
I should be researching into gdi+  but it's sunny outside and I want to go out an play!
@ddlovato demii your amazingggg! what happend to your facebook?  mwaa take careeeee &amp; keep inspiringgg me  lovee youuuuuu mwaa xx
is enjoying another day off... but unfortunately its already sunday 
@paolo91 I don't even know why I'm sad  I'm just not happy.
@sally_mally ......ARE YOU GETTING YOUR BRACES or getting another tooth out??? WTH MAN!! school isn't fun without sally 
is almost up to date! being 8 weeks behind isnt fun 
@iHolleeee oh have fun 
Going en famille to the Darlo v Allstars fundraiser today. Sadly Beardsley dropped out  - he was main reason for going 
Talking to him makes me happy x) if only he'd like me  god im so emo.
A smoke-filled Evensong; a cold, dark night. Reminiscent of student days in London &amp; Oxford , yet so far away in time and space 
@tommcfly its rather depressing that we dont have a star bucks here, i want one lol and wats even more depressing iv never been to one 
heading off to bed... Not sure to be happy about it or not. Wish we didn't have to sleep. 
@Sophhs So excited! He totally deserveed it!! Don't think H&amp;A has much of a chance against UNderbelly &amp; Packed to the Rafters tho 
@knitwits1 sorry to hear that. its awful  anything that is soothing is such a relief.
driving to this thing, i don't even know what it is 
5:30am storm passing over but lite rain &amp; thunder ..we might not hav power until this evening ..it could b bad when d sun shines 
i wish this stupid headache would go away, 6 days of headaches aren't fun 
@dogned ahh, i hope they win - like really bad  they deserve it!  i haven't even heard of those other shows :p aha, xD
@xolubi really am in the site now.. and even though i see the icon that says streaming clicking it does nothing and now sound 
What a beautiful sunny day! Unfortunately, I have a soar throat and a headache, so can't enjoy it. 
Bleurgh, typical that I'm struck down with a nasty cold on a hot, sunny bank holiday weekend  Still, at least not at work feeling so ill.
@fueledby http://twitpic.com/4gvdf - Nothing this awesome ever happens in the UK 
one nice bit of upgrade though is that Avant under Metacity is actually pretty slick even if I can't run compiz any more 
@mikeyway GPS's are screwing the world.. killing the fun of travelling, and never knowing how to get to the backends of nowhere. 
@cfunk awww, yeah i wanted Robertson to win...   and- haha yeah, i totally missed you  But I saw you, I think it was on Thursday! (Y) 
gee this is so hard, when a recipient is not following you you cant even send a direct message 
Going to see a lady about a guinea pig. V excited but they are only  1 week old, so we can't take them home for another 5 weeks. 
awesome cuddles, awesome weekend and it'll all be over tomorrow 
@kyunghan I don't even know why I keep mine. It's supposed to make you feel better about improving, but I feel so sad when I see them  !!
life got me restless. i guess its all about the mistakes. even the HUGE ones. 
i desperately want a smoothie right now. 
mandy doens't even like noodles! that's insane! 
mental illess is no fun without delusions of grandeur 
And the rosemary me and my dad planted there, was a wee little one. And now it's all grown, but we can't enjoy it no more. 
No not yet. Jai &lt;3 I hope Jordan wins, he was amazing last yr. So was Rebecca aka Ruby. My fave reality show missed out on a logie grr 
Tomato soup was not a good idea  I was fine until it touched my lips. What a night with Team Leah... Sham doesnt even cover it!
Danny is an awesome singer. I want him to win over Adam but I think we all know whos gunna win it in the end 
@timlovejoy the heart ruled the head again 
@markpolchleb agreed. thought of anything for your mas323 article? i have decided i'm unfunny 
have to work at budabing's at 8 but i feel miserable 
@springlamb lol....i'm sure he was, he never even missed me! 
sunday already  time flies when your having fun!!
is annoyed that there's no more bread in the house! 
pretty sure aaron needs a laptop or some form of internet usage. OR MAYBE EVEN A PHONE WITH CALL CREDIT? you live waaaay too far away 
My cousin is coming round to sleep today. Oh joy..  I guess I better scratch the lye in!
is having a bbq and beer this evening!! still not found new car though 
@dizzi1 yep im by myself  Mum, dad are steven are away (back 2m) and Simon is at his Gfs bit. I dont like tidying its rubbish lol
hannah is here and we did a paper round this morning  not good ! we didnt even get paid yet ! :@ . mannnnnn they are unfair .
Feeling better today, not so upset but still missing my wee birdies like nothing on earth  Time for breakfast now, coffee &amp; Croissants!!
@chelsea_playboy bahaha yeeeah band prac tomorrow would be so depressing we would sound like half dead squirrels  EXTRA FUN NEXT WEEK =]
@KyleJCrb I've got HAX outside my door. The 'KKK' one my neighbout has is less fun though 
Wow, what a weekend. I will be glad for Monday to roll around! 
@Bethlowe123 I saw that. I was so glad they showed him in it, but it made me so sad! I never got to see him perform...  Not once.
Shopping with the girls was not fun.  When did going out with Mom become so uncool.  
ok...hopeless even to bother and seek help,please someone tell me, in my lifeit's really a jail,,,anywhere but home 
doing some programming on a side project with foot up (torn ligament)  Enjoying some Doves tunes tho 
@tim_cooke still sounds like infinitely more fun than studying for my human biol test. I WISH I DID MEDIA. 
@raihanamcfly lol! yeah! how pathetic!  now im excited to see singapore idol... it'll be a good joke.
went to my mates wedding last night, it was a great day ! the evening party was cut short due to grant starting work at 5am today 
@thebansteven I had a seven hour shift. It was the shittet work day ever. I hated it. It was so busy I was going to have a melt down. 
had a awesome weekend with alisha, but shes left me now 
So hungover and miserable cant wait to get home . Trying not to cry 
@johncmayer  ok...hopeless even to bother and seek help,please someone tell me, in my life it's really a jail,,,anywhere but home 
I had a dream I saw my first teacher crush again and fell in love with him all over again. Tried to find him on tinternets but no joy 
feeling barfy... ughh i do not enjoy being sick! 
hates this being trapped in the flat business.  Want to get out and have fun... but cough is getting in the way. Boo. 
@Remy_Foster Maybe they felt the relationship wasn't fair. USBs always take, but never give 
@Record_Attempt nope, well i do live out the way of everything, as i live on the coast, we aint even got rugby team  lol
yesterday was awesome. i had a lot of fun! but im still very very constricted.  Who doesnt know his weakness, has one strength less.
@dougiemcfly i reli wanted 2 go to the show last night but i had to baby sit  glad yu all had a gd show x
I'm kinda stressed out about the whole Japan trip. I spanked my cousin, Paolo, because I was so irritated, but not with him. I feel bad. 
Ugh why do I always seem to hurt him without even doinig anything?/? 
Waiting for Brian Peters to post todays Weather Extreme video. Or at least new information about todays svr wx event. I is scared 
@ether_radio i know! and she has the most awesome hair everrrr. i actually regret not going to mcfly now. 
Mornin' didnt get to sleep til like 5  Sooo tired!! Fair was balls yesterday! Rest of day/night was good but!!
Half an hour of Seven Pounds left. I'm getting anxious about the ending 
&quot;You do seem like a very interesting and attractive geeky redhead&quot; .... I don't even have red hair  ... muppet
@mumbrella the haircut looks more Vulcan to me, but unfortunately she's not doing neck pinches on everyone to shut them up  
Sorry I was so gross yesterday, I hope I havent offended those who are currently following me.  
Beautiful Sunny Sunday!But I'm not going anywhere, unfortunately... 
@fansfromoz oh that is a really harsh review  watered down my arse!
headed to Guitar Center and Woodcraft when they open. Unfortunately leaving empty handed 
Forced creative writing is hard, slow, and very painful. Even detailed lesson plans are easier. 
Gosh.....desperate housewives is turning into a soap  -_-
@vickyclare85 But if you get swine flu then I probably will too, and that would be unfortunate 
shorting out music for bbq unfortunately my family dont appreciate the music of @mileycyrus @ddlovato and @Jonasbrothers  oh well =] xo
@JacquieDicker not very sunny here now 
smell ya later twitter, muchosss lovosssss @tommcfly have a good lunch...i'm jealous  xxxxxxxxxxx
@spreadingjoy  That's gr8 Marie, I hear you about the workers, @ the ned of every school year, we lose workers that &quot;Try something else&quot; 
@Yummy411 awwww poor guy- yeah the allergy season is a royal pain in the arse.  So he didn't even get to go see wolverine? 
mah bed's calling me, too bad my ass is here for the nxt 4 hrs...double shifts arent fun 
@birdblogger worried here normally in the evening we could watch as they went back &amp; forward feeding some nests need rebuilt in one place 
Annoyed that I have to shop for a new car - which I hate - instead of doing anything useful or fun 
@sammoran Hi Sam do you think the wiggles will ever return to Toowoomba? I desperately wanted to come to the concert tomorrow and can't  
Going to be so cold at camp! And I'm not even ready for it. 
Had a great time a Costas! But all fun must come to an end bc HW time is here again 
IT'S NOT SUNNY OUTSIDE!  Elma, Me, Madelene and Elin was going to the beach and take photos today! Hope the sun is going to shine anyway!
Also, wolverine was fairly disappointing. How, can they get X1 so right, and then X3 and wolverine so wrong 
my glasses are missing  oh crap, and they're not even a day old yet!! aghhhh. why oh why does this always happen to me?!?
is quite jealous Demi Lovato gets to work with Sterling Knight 
taking a shower .. sick  just one more day  looking forward to carina to come on this evening xD
it's bad weatehr again  and even my borsalino doesn't make me warm enough to wear my jeans shorts, and i was so looking forward to them
@JenniferStirlin i mean im having trouble concentrating on macbeth! i cant pull myself away from this  ps heavy jealous of the peperami!!
for some reason im going to see wolverine today, i dont even get a say in the matter 
im sick  i  took a  four hour nap yesterday and my little sister is making her 1st communion today so i have to go (even though i am sick)
Not too happy about flying with 106 confirmed cases of the swine flu in the U.S!! 
Poor baby, little man has an upset tummy and then he fell on a toy in the bath and hurt himself 
@RanjeetC Freaking out? Because of the ticketstuff or something else? I have to study.  But my boyfriend's coming over this evening. 
I don't wanna  Can't even explain it really, because I do like my students, I just... I dunno. Maybe I'll get hit by a car though, right?
@Matt_27 I'm sure I will  at least the sun is out, not that I can really enjoy it
At napier uni, working on uni project! what a sunny day and I have to spend the weekend at uni 
@jakehh omg me too, i was watching old big brother promo's today,  sucks coz even if BB came back pre much no chance that gretel would too
off for breakfast with the #magicalmoms...so sad I'll be leaving Disney today 
@jakehh omg me too, i was watching old BB promo's today,  sucks cause even if BB came back theres pre much no chance that gretel would too
Weekend is almost over....  Sooo sad. I had so much fun.  B., where are you????
I tried not to be negative about it but i failed. I really don't like VDT 
Woke up at 645 on a sunday. No fair  ew to work.
twitter wont let me upload a photo  .... oh well I guess I shall have uneven eyes and a flat unenthuisiastic mouth forever o_O
Ugh, another night of awful sleep, if it could even be that 
@kwanjoo Thanks for the cheat :p Haha. iPhone just hasn't been syncing well to my iTunes lately. It's not even backing up my apps! 
I'm going out with the kids to enjoy the sun - being a bank holiday, it's got to rain soon 
Meeting with Carson in a couple hrs to get crazy creative and plan an event. Yayah!!! Then sunnin it up with Claire!!...gotta clean first 
@muffinwomanxo lol yeah ask a ninja is very funny!, what u up too today? I've been on a train for 4 hours  boo
@adamabbate it was the iphone  unfortunately if you hit the keys wrongly it just sends
@FiFiTheFAIRY i was watching something on DC eairler and they showed the london premere of HMTM - so wanted to be there  Hoedown dancers!
Gettin` hella iRRitated...been tryna go to sleep for sooo many hours now this is not it 
@nuttychris have i upsetyou? 
is enjoying a bit a waynes world 2 before i have to put up with working in a town pub on bank holiday sunday 
managed to put down breaking dawn on the 4th try. nealry finished. java wont work on my firefox and its upsetting me  need food
@mish_x  haha i would laugh so hard if ruby visits ur page and sees ur fit. about ur cheek. i am jealous though 
Why do i always wake up so early? Even when i go to sleep late 
Going to a baptisim. Not to fun 
loving my mom being in ireland for a change but missing south africa even more now  oh well Brighton here i come!!
@Lianhui Haha eh funny la you, let's just update your stuffs here. Don't forget to finish your coursework! My head pening already 
@amblass We watched MILK last night!  Good, but so sad at the end even though you knew it was going to happen.  
Back to Mukah~~~ tomorros is working day.  No more happy holiday 
@Shongz Don't rightly know... I mightn't even be going!  BUNAC have til 10th May to get me a contract, and til then I have no idea... why?
@j_a_m_e_s_k work on a funfair 
Had a good night celebrating Tom's bday. Once again, only males came on to her 
@mitchellf1 she owned me! its not fair i tell you 
Biology past papers on a sunday afternoon are making me depressed... 
i'm happy maybe i found the one i always search but he did not write me now!!  had he forgotten me?
@Ashishstar yaayy you have! i cant believe sat night that was a disaster... so glad i didn't go!! 
@chrissiea trying for FUN? are you insane . i have to 
@alexisnotfunny Im bored already lol.. my exam is a week on wednesday  and thats just the resit!
@BeccaJoyBower  im sorry
upset stomach = no hiking 
ouch i stood on a long pin, it was straight up into my foot!  And i blew up the wall paper steamer...woops! It's not even mine!
@alexisnotfunny Yup. Thats in my unit 2 exam.. a week on friday 
sad because I am not gonna see Beyonce  . I even have VIP (I won them) nobody wants to come with me. BLAH!
@melamatt I'm sorry you guys are not having fun!  you know what else is not fun? Arguing with O. Joy!
@lisacbeaton &quot;Die! Die! ...... I can't....  &quot; Hahah that movie was funny- Emotional Vampire puppets? how much more ridiculous can you get?
@hakk79 its usb ssh, it works without anything done, you don't even need openSSH with it. Just no terminal commands 
@alexisnotfunny Eeeep.. i just wish i had more time to revise  especially with business finance.. i still dont understand it at all :/
Safe flights guys. Enjoy the food 
Oh poo. The new byline logo is shockingly bad, prettiness is gone from the app, and I can't even log in. Deleting &amp; reinstalling now. 
@kaleenka Ive never heard of Julie Chen either lol but i like BB over here, i even went &amp; saw a live eviction! but its been cancelled now 
Had a great weekend, buts its getting over now.  Nonetheless had a great time. i am very happy.
@bluenilequeen I would lov2e to be going to church. But.. unfortunately I have to work.   cooking? I wish!
i want to go to the jonas brothers concert, but a cant  very very upset.  
@Joey_CalCal i cant go boating tonight  really annoyed. know if you have the car 2m morn yet?
@scottcmusic jealous!!! You should have gone to the Hammersmith one...  x
Our systems at work crashed... We run a unix based system. I'm going to have a fun time with this. I can tell. 
 Leaving. Unhappy about it but if I walk 4M in rain I will get sick. Sad tho.
@willfarnell ...spookily similar, sunny sunday in South London and we live our guts and glory behind  
@annyo84 im SO GLAD for u, but im also VERY JEALOUS hahah!! aww i wish i was there  u guys have fun k! take pics n vids! better miss me ;)
@annyo84 im SO GLAD for u, but im also VERY JEALOUS hahah!! aww i wish i was there  u guys have fun k! take pi.. http://tinyurl.com/c6n5y8
@tveskov Unfortunately, we just missed the mark. Won't have time until next weekend. It will be knee-high by then 
@Billy_liar i'm jealous. 
@snobscrilla hey i think you shuld go with spaceship =]...i was disappointed you pulled out of dusty days  wuld of been awesome =]
@patdac nawww I'm just kidding, I didn't even laugh at you I rushed over so I could see if a car was coming, otherwise 
@Bluebie : Sorry about your test, and ouch, that seems harsh. 
Right, actually playing Banjo 3 now, why does the amazing music make it seem like its gonna be good  Haircut later aswell
@LakeNormanHomes  probably not  I have a TON of stuff to catch up on today.  I bet it'll be awesome though!
Went for a haircut, a &quot;trim&quot; to even it out- it was too long on the bottom &amp; she cut it all off really short! 
@calliean oh, yeah, probably that's why.   i'm still awake becoz i'm an idiot. and depressed. i need a job. or work. or 2 win the lottery.
The Spawn took TEN seconds off her 100 Fly yesterday! Added 3 in 100 Breast.   But still took 2nd in that event!!
Not happy that I might have to miss the So Solid re-union at Apts on Friday  BOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
@Mallelou Damn...i was looking forward to your writing  oh well! have fun homeworking!
Aaaand we're starting day seven of clouds and rain. Gah - I'm so SICK of rain! It's like the sun is playing hopscotch over the Midwest. 
My head's very hurty. Not fair, I didn't drink last night. Whose hangover am I having?! Dammit!! Not fair. 
@MaudMF My Skype-name is Huddylicious too! Oh I wish I could go with you..I've never been to France unfortunately and I'd love to see it! 
Funzion.dk hosting center 'down'  or under a DOS attack? and not even a service announcement on email - as they usually send on probs.
relationships r really complicated, i don't knw, nuthin is stable, and there so many crossroads ahead, it seems it's never gona b smooth 
MrSocial: Here is a pro tip. Do not eat food sold out of trucks, even if it smells really really good. 
friday &amp; saturday sleepovers - fun (: school tomorrow - not fun 
I have to say that I'm so depressed today that we're not heading to boston...especially since I had sweet dreams.  
Busy day today, celebrating my oldest daughter's 11th Birthday!! I can't believe it - I feel old 
@chi_bui awww chi b yay but no matty!  hope gig is awesome such a shame i'm not there, missing out!
@abcshallowend  he didn't even get to present one poor bear 
Funny, possibly, how I always believe 'it won't happen to me'. Just lost about 5 hours' work on a  story. Can't even blame Bill Gates 
Maternity shopping not going well. The shops I like don't do maternity. It's making shopping stressful and I can't even hit the vino 
@Snowgirl1972 Football-related disaster. You wouldn't be interested 
still sick and miserable 
thanks...i haven't seen too many epps of  PTTR ..the joys of shift work.  i really like that show  too.
@tommcfly international touring? maaan! we'll miss you  but you guys deserve a break from the UK so have fun &amp; tweet all the time ;D xx
AP = amazing!!!  So sad I can't go Friday    //  go to see some falls in Niagara
@hippielove Tragedy, I dunno how ur up functioning now lol.   I need at least 5 hours of sleep.  I kept wakin up through out the night 
@MrMarketingMan it's evening 9.10pm now.. sunday's ending.. heh.. 
@masterballerina I pretty much wasted all of toady  I'm watching the Logies -___-   you should do something fun! something exciting! :O
@BIGGC_ Yeah I think the wrestling industry has a lot to be thankful for in regards to Shawn...Working on a sunday??? 
Have a headache..brain doesnt like me. Had the 'mother' lecture last night..always fun to be told ur wasting your life..  I need a HUG. 
hate rain so muchhh. hate even more that its not supposed to stop for at least the next  days. 
NOOOOOOOOOO Harold Bishop(Ian Smith) was supposed 2 win the gold logie....I am so not happy jan 
@mistydawn1031 so envious...I got up really late today and its already 2.15pm 
i feel nice today, even tho i couldnt get on any ride today because of the fucking smelly rain! 
Happy Sunday! Sounds like someone is &quot;lawning the moan&quot; as my insanely intelligent other half would say. Back to the books for me 
@AussieSoccermum Oh, that would have been amazing to see! 
back from camping, wishing I could go back ...  I actually am wondering if I'm ever gonna get my driving license! Desperate ... ^^
I don't even want to go to work tomorrow- i might be in trouble 
@exmi sounds like fun. we had such a busy weekend, i wish i had a bit of time to play games. i've had spore for 6mths &amp; haven't played. 
some girls are having fun while i was bored at my room 
got my purse stolen from my car last night  Totally ruined the fun I had @ the party!!!!
@CareSkin - thx 4 making me jealous.  the weather up here is all crappy.  
hey everyone in the us, watch dollhouse. be grateful that you get to watch it while we poor deprived australians must wait for the dvd 
@xms_janex   LOL have a fun day
Ugh! I hate banks, all I wanted 2 do was cash my check, I was persuaded to get a checking acct now I'm in negative amounts. 
Happy sunday! I'm heading to work... My bus is jam packed  where the hell these ppl going today?
i'm at chapter 8 ... it's awesome ... it's a pity that are just 12 chapter 
@Devilslair probably not! Seeing as they are still 4-2 it's not looking so good. They almost became awesome a few years back  it's sad!
Working in the garden, trying to make it nice.. Not very fun.. 
godaddy sucks: their blogcast can only switch on/off &quot;Moderate all trackbacks&quot; but switching off all trackbacks not possible. 
Day 2 of BAMBOOOOZLEEEE! Turning up intoxicated. This should be AWESOME. Just not thinking about the goodbye right now 
Oh my god. M&amp;S' new cupcakes will be the death of me. but, HELL, they are so sickly sweet. i don't even have a sweet tooth 
@ninapolitan OMG I wanted to be the one to pop your target cherry   I am glad you went. Wasn't it awesome?I am still coming to visit u.
gud evening, well, pacquiao won.tko round 2 only..bad for hatton 
just found out that fat boy slim did a mix of brimful of asha- im not happy, i hate that song 
@Wickedness77 hehe awesome!!!! I love coffee. I'm sorry you are having allergies I can't stand it when I have them. I'm having chest pain 
@brendanvalencia what! is it raining today? it was so sunny yesterday  i will be in attendance for sure though and i'll ace that shiiit.
Shit! My bro called me @ 12am, I was up, and didnt even hear the call  Guess he was locked-out.
@peterjohnston - Done that, haha. I smell of holiday! My skin, however, is not so happy and has an angry shade of pink/red to it 
is now suddenly depressed worried SAD that the Urinal might be getting flushed for good.    never gots the potential of the Urinal B4 butt
Not thrilled with husband leavin his keys somewhere  grrr
is upset. ~ 
My wonderful hubby is hoovering while I sit here and feel sorry for myself thanks to this stupid cold 
@9600baud @Tuxdiver thanks for the links! they're using an additional ULN2803/UDN2981A chip .. dont own those unfortunately 
dude if ya cant get ur money back. on the ticket or even sell it, ill send the money over. im gutted i cant go 
1 hour until Headbangers ball  I love getting comments from Hughie from 52 Flicks. Makes me a happy girl
Ugh I hate being sick. I can't even sleep in 
Even more sicker. Today's not going to be fun. 
the only bad thing abt sunday evenings is it dawns as monday morning 
@MajorProblem  - hey got here safe - going back tonight - stoopid road drivingness  hope your having a wonderful weekend! 
Better dreams last night, thankfully. Hope I was wrong this time. 
Is jealous i dont have espn2hd to watch the drag races  glad i have twitties and the force team! Keep me posted
is reali annoyed @ laptop not working cause coulda sat outside in the sunshine and watched the football if it was. . . 
is about to go and watch the boys play football in celebration of getting older..happy dayz 
@GamingSteve Baaaw....Not available in the German store  But thanks for the heads-up, I'm really enjoying your tweets, I have to say.
@echoshack could be-Suppose it will be in news-there's not much left on side that of mountain 2 burn  - I hope all is well - it's not fair
it's already 10pm and he's not even back yet!!!!! grrrrrr.. miss him badly. 
Im hurt..  Seregon Gig  = Awesome mosh/hurtness
Wonderful prints and paintings of famous old movie stars.  Sadly, no Laurel and Hardy  http://bit.ly/MKaDO #fb
bachlorette party was fun, couldn't make it to suede, my partners in crime bailed  instead chilled @ home with my fam
My mom messed up my hair cut!!! even though she practically yelled at me saying that she understood what i wanted to be cut 
@queenkaye twin has been in some pain   How is happy valley? And sorry I haven't hit you back but I haven't chatted with anyone...no time
the p-a-r-t-y is finish  NO! yet it was fun 
Sis thinks my glasses (http://twitpic.com/44uuh) are weird   ...She's clearly a hater lol jk.
@yaseminx3 Im jealoussss  i wanna see it againnn
nice and sunny today but as per usual am stuck inside doing revision 
New computer is not compatible with the download from work that allows me to access their server. I'm so upset. Going IN to work now 
happy sunday!!!!! ew i still have hmwk 
@AnneDeCourcey funny, I just asked DH if he would have our deck built in time for our aug. teleconf. (the answer was no - next year maybe 
@BUMMS Unfortunately not  Left my camera behind. Don't know what they were called I'm afraid either. Will def take camera next year!
@definitelyian it was fun.. they were great! i didn't see you .. 
is desperate to go riding.  Watching Northanger Abbey and missing mucking around in Oxford with Aunty Val 
@MP2003 My Internet is crap (Worst than Yesterday, and it can even go to Google! I Just go to Twitter Because of TwitterFox 
Poor Norwich!  but couldn'ta done it even with a win.
At my dads place chilling out and having fun. Birmingham back in the premier league  Missing watching football with my amazing girlfriend
just qot in the crib, mira this quy just tried to talk to me this morninq, he probably didn't even brush his teeth yet  lol
Today is jus gonna be a bad day, i can feel it...jus take a look at this miserable weather 
Im Happy Cuz Im feeling Glad I Got Sunshine In A Bag - Clint Eastwood By The Gorrillaz Cant Find It On Blip 
very very very depressed. tmr is a workday!!!! 2 weeks of leave gone like that 
@kruton9000 Ah I would get smacktalk, but I don't have a mic for my iPod  It looks funny!
Seven and a half hours of sleep. I dreamt about New York. I really miss it there 
Heading to Magic Kingdom with @mommysnacks, @momminitup and @youngmommy for the last time.  #magicalmoms are going home. 
......Soo bored, and annoyed. Everyones gone out having fun, i need some bloudy money, nothing to friggin do!! 
@mikeykhabbaz yeahh i did! pretty much got killed lol. i sprained my wrist in their last song!  but good timesss haha. excited for may 23?
so excited to start a beautiful Sunday morning with a migraine.  UGH  
Know she's busy a lot but would be so happy if 1 day Miley responded to my tweets. Especially about the music I sent to her. Until then 
@xsparkage Love your tutorials. Any ideas on how to get your eyes to stand out even wearing glasses? I can't wear contacts 
Ugh, playing AC and there's a completely clear street then BAM guards just pop out of the ground! Like daisies! No fair 
@mileycyrus sounds awesome miley! Wish i could go and see ya. but alas i cant. 
Good morning Twitterville! @tedsmooth sorry i missed ur parties  I had 2 stay on the island! happy bday again! hope u had a great one!
@yonpon unfortunately i am already out of the country when they are doing their gig  so you are saved from that
Hate calling out but me no feel good and I didn't even drink last night 
@JPacittiMusic even though it's raining today LOL  
@bagussoo things been fuckin AWESOME haha except for my chem score in report card 
just woke up to miserable weather  i'm going back to bed!
@kkyung I AGREE, it was just sad, not funny at all...lazy physical comedy...poor Kevin and his delicious floor chili 
I am going out shopping with mia madre &lt;3 , But when I get home , I have to homework  . Yesterday was reeeeealy interesting and fun !
@Ottimisvico Nuts!!  ...and unfortunately, it's usually too hard to hide because of the smell   Ah well, there's always chocolate 
@yonpon unfortunately not  its a sad thing to come to terms with
The customers are trickling in today.  Gardening in a drizzle, not so bad - in pouring rain, not fun at all! 
@pfunk89 hey u dnt hve ur background nemore 
@Emm_Jay yep hubby is very happy..  even with his bruises from his match, he has nice stud marks   now im gonna play The Kings Story Wii
getting the kids ready to go to grans for a sleepover...wine ahoy this evening.!!! wey hey..!!! but not looking forward to working 2moro 
Happy Sunday everyone.  My favorite day of the week.  Though I do have to do laundry and grocery shop 
@steveappleton love dirty funk so much, shame have to wait till august for album 
@grkxtina can't find my fukudome shirt  but I'm so ready it's not even funny!
have to say goodbye to my dog now. I wish he had died normally and peacefully, instead of slowly suffocating. gonna miss him so much 
@ak2176  Unforturnately not even REMOTELY better 
its amaazing, i'm the reason. Everybody fired up this evening. I don't wanna do work 
gloomy today. probably just the weather. maybe... well, i wish it was... 
last day here  bongo room maybe cafe de luca at eleven for brunch!
not sure how people function without a car.... 
@katfishh have extra fun for me, I went straight back to ct, my stitches are bothering me 
@mayawesome thats not a good thing yano. I WANT MANCHESTER TO BE THERE. 
I have never been annoyed by Hugh Jackman til today. I wanted the Wade post-credit clip! 
3 jugs of mojitos and an Oriental Taipan foot massage with @chris_stevenson and @jhumble. Ahh, life feels good now. Sadly, have work tomo 
@LetzMakeup Thanks Monkeyface! I was a little poopy, today I'm very poopy &amp; miserable. Missing all the bank holiday fun  Not fair!
fucking shit. Big day ahead of us with boozle. Can't even see no doubt or taking back Sunday 
sunny &amp; blue skies... perfect day to.... work a double 
My daughter is sick   Fevers suck even more when they're on 5 year olds.
happy as can be could prob cry right now wish my mom would let me go to twilight convention to meet jackson rathbone its on mothers day. 
@suckahpunch I'm glad your birthday was a good one!  Sad we missed out 
@discoverytoys sounds like fun.  i would drop by for the toy sale if I was local! 
@JemDevenish Awwww bummer. 
Gulit sucks but I'm glad I'm able to feel it. 
Had an amazing weekend with Holly, Paige &amp;&amp; Freya....Tired and ill now 
@mattystar26 it was AMAZING! front row Dougie &lt;3 the pizza was 23 mins 
Saying WHUT?! really loudly over and over again is really quite fun. But it hurt my throat after a while 
@trent_reznor Have fun ;P PLAY SOME MORE UK SHOWS, I can't make either of them 
JONAS AWESOME!!!!! project.....not so much 
Happy Birthday baby brother Peanut....I want your duck ball  !
Happy about one thing; Octo Dumb Ass is no longer in the news!  Yeah!  God, I pity those children. 
@JESmakeup outline&amp;study for bizorg final, hw for econ, study for finance final    your day sounds way more fun!
bleh. Packing is no fun 
Ugh @dhulser i am really jealous  those waffles are amazing.
DSTV sucks! I'm missing the Idols finale    not a happy girl at all!
It's a beautiful day! Unfortunately I have a sick dog.  Looks like it'll just be me &amp; Sebastian walking today. Biking, laundry &amp; sun time
@mileycyrus i had 2 beg my mom SOOO much to take me!!! she said it was too much money  i hope u have an AWESOME time tho!! i love u miley!
@Fearnecotton Friggin' love humbugs! But always get too eager to chew and regret the sticky toffee teeth 
it's unbelievable how BAD Us Airways customer service is - this woman is amazingly rude to my friend - I would not recommend this airline 
@mayooresan come on bro! I twitterd, emailed LKLUG and even sent invitations on facebook. Sad to hear that you missed them all 
is up while the rest of the family sleeps!  No church today d/t a funeral 
I miss aubrey. Slowly i'm drifting from my best friends. I haven't even talked to noemi in like a month.. 
@iLoveWLT JB didn't go to the event 
I'm going to enjoy this day! Although buddy got bit by some strange dog yesterday 
why is every fit boy you see related to you    ???? it does NOT make sense
Just enjoyed French Toast for breakfast and now I'm at book store seeing if there's anything good. It's going up to 90 degrees today. 
frustrated. afraid. sad. lethargic. what's kind of life this is? 
Perfect day for movies cuddling &amp; sex in no particular order. Unfortunately, none of the above is gonna happen. 
frustrated. afraid. sad. lethargic. what kind of life this is? 
@ktcronier have fun! we missed you last night 
@selfreliant hahaha. Funny, I am supposed to be a vendor at that show RIGHT NOW! 
frustrated. afraid. sad. lethargic. what kind of life this is?  (via @maGziiexoLovely)
@SMartillo34 It's amazing. I want a zombie friend to play video games with. 
i hate my friends for making me go seven hours before the show 
2moro back 2 sckool after 4 dayz of fun it sucks!!!!!!! 
@Soree me to  it's not even raining
@Levenah ugh I'm jealous!!! Pain killers barely work for me!!! and if they do it takes half hour to an hour sometimes 
@ambeRRubarth that Vespa experiment is so awesome, hey vienna was really great in Tucson last night  sorry U weren't there
journey's backyard bbq yesterday was so much fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now im gonna write a paper! ahhh 
@Rawrrgasmic for you, maybe, but did Neva enjoy? My son likes the music from High School Musical, means that I have to have it on in car! 
My iPod seems to be a bit gebrochen  Do I get some kind of prize for killing my birthday present the day before the event?
Just waking up... Didn't sleep well  feeling mixed emotions today. Gonna start packing &amp; finish up my take home trig test~ so not excited
it's def sunday but idk if it's a funday.. weather in my bones 
Next week is my bday &amp; it better be pretty f*ing amazing to compensate this upset. 
@katiecamie I read that as Burberry scone and I was jealous 
Crap! Vacation is over.   On my way back to kinda sunny Chicago. Cubs play today. We need a win after last nights depressing Bulls game.
@BexieMarie u healthy git XD...hannah got a new laptop yesterdy n is geting a new phone soon  not fair..my phone breaks n i hav 2 wait 
@lislBR hmm not really. it was sunny a couple of hrs ago but now its raining 
Thought my sniffles &amp; chestiness were due to pollen, but it's only on moderate today. Prolly not #swineflu but do think I've got summink. 
Had an amazing time with the girls at the bachelorette party! Now its time to go home 
52 minutes to do a complete cleaning of Garfunkel's litter box. And the box is so big it uses a full 34 pound bag of litter. 
@PrettyRaveGirlX they mock most people though, Taylor for her height etc. probably just to make the show funny for non-Demi fans 
@DinaUpdates  I like Sveta though so I'm not too upset. But it's time for Rome. Go get em Dina.
fully depressed 
@SallyCinnamonM-I hope your baby gets better! That's no fun 
@SallyCinnamonM-I hope your baby gets better! That's no fun 
Goodmorning..today is VERY gloomy 
@Teresamerica very welcome ... but your last sentence didn't complete. ..&quot;Don't even have jo ...&quot;  
I seem to have lost all motivation.  The living room still looks like a bombs hit it and I haven't even started on the dining room. 
It looks so gloomy outside. Wish I had someone to cuddle up next to wtih a cup of hot cocoa with extra marshmallows..   
@porksmith Hey Matt. Just wanted to wish you a happy belated birthday; wish I could've seen you live.. but sadly it was a school night  x
@jai0813 @FoxxyBagLady oh geez... msnbc has got it twisted then 
dissapointed i'm not @ Bamboozle    but excited for baseball today.  didnt get much sleep last night.
Unfortunately Celtics won against the Bulls, I can't believe I hate almost every team in the semifinals 
for some reason i cant sleep even when im tired :S  i wan tto listen music but my ipod doesnt have charge 
enjoyed riding today with HYMS even if someone termed it an ego inflator lesson 
@UlrikaE  wow  poor david didn't even get there in time
@nesswater010 aww I'm sorry   but I know.......not fun
@creativethurs have fun on day 2! i wanted to try to sneak there today - but its probably not happening     next saturday for sure...
Yawn.....must get dressed, pack, blah blah, the unfun part of conventions is when they end and we have to cleanup. 
@BaronHawkey Awww Poor little guy!  I cant wait to take Marshall home! Hes so sweet. He even gives high fives!!
@jannapha button downs...you just had to make fun of me now 
Goodnight all, hold thumbs and let's hope I wake up happy forgetting about the fact it's Monday when I do 
@chloeweddell94 Ahhh same same samee!!!  would be so so so so amazing!! :L xx
@trishtype just be happy you have your health.  apparently i do not 
Oh, hail! Naw! Hailing outside. This was unexpected; it was supposed to be sunny today. Guess the backyard will have to wait. 
one negative about being abroad, no No Doubt concert 
it's sunny 4 the 1st time in a couple days. don't think i'll have 2 worry abt it raining 2day! O wait, i'll be in the library all day 
@skylarsmith http://twitpic.com/4hc15 - Oh!  She is so cute!  I miss her   (even though ya'll have been gone for like 1 hour)
@phizzt Yeah &quot;Wade&quot;.. The poor guy. What did he ever do to deserve such harsh Hollywood treatment!?! 
@SueRK I'm jealous  mines been pants.
Looking for JONAS on Youtube, cause i can't watch it in Holland,       It's soooo funny! love it! (ll') love for; the whole cast!  xoxo S.
Not a good morning for me Tweeps. I have a nasty headache...the &quot;perks&quot; of going out &amp; having too much fun 
@wethetravis i miss you! you're in my state and i can't even see you! 
@CheeriosTweets I &lt;3 original Cheerios &amp; even better? No HFCS! Same can't be said for your other versions I'm afraid. 
@StickFigureMan You're lucky it only has a taste for clothespins.  My walking void eats *anything* craft related. 
so not excited to be moving to OB-Gyne 
The phillies game is post poned  I am depressed   &lt;nay~nay&gt;
@stellarBELLZ good morning B!  I have to work too but still enjoy your day.
I'm jealous of all the people going to Bamboozle today  The Maine, All Time Low, Forever the Sickest Kids, We the Kings. I wanna see them!
It's such a beautiful sunny day in FL.....to bad I have to spend it cleaning. 
headache, bad sleep, and a funny taste in my mouth. I hope I'm not getting sick 
I can't believe it's already sunday...  Prom was fun, though!
is going to try and eat a health, balanced breakfast. 
It looks like it's going to be another gloomy day  is a day of sunshine too much to ask for?!?
Happy Sunday. Millie &amp; I are driving to Portland today to help Steph recuperate from c-section. Owen won't be home for another week.  
cant sleep  but hopfully today will be fun!
is angry that when I make up a song, I can never remember it and I only get a hook or beginning then have a mental block 
@mcraddictal I love Drew from Mytoecold. I find a sense of really good sarcastic humor very sexy....haha 
Norwich City FC  Never this bad in my life time  Not even sure we'll be back any fight left ??
Enjoying some time by the pool before we have to go back to the airport.   What a great trip!
Enjoying using Office 2007 - finding it easy to get around, like the Format options! Still haven't found the undo button though 
And so begins another struggle between enjoying the suddenly beautiful weather and actually getting work done 
prepare assistant stuff for my Prof. not the best activity for a sunday evening 
@Karenknowsbest. I am so jealous. I wish I could eat rice 
thrilled MARIA SHRIVER  is now following me. then I looked &amp; she is following 45,000 people  O well...at least im one of them right ? 
I wanna go bike riding but unfortunately its raining 
China quake survivors have bittersweet baby boom - Los Angeles Times http://tinyurl.com/c5bfsg Kind of heartbreaking 
Had Taco Bell for lunch on Saturday.  Food there made me a little sick in the evening.  Craving tacos, got bad ones.. 
Well I'm properly depressed after todays dress shopping 
2000 words to write on I dont know what......should be fun. 
is SOOOO HAPPY that the tigers won even tho it was off penalty kicks 
So, boston won  but eventhough the fight went 2 rounds, I love watching someone get knocked out.
@stevenlwh im so fucking envious of you people in the states man.  I can't access netflix, hulu, etc. 
@lko04 why is she peeing on you? You don't look like a tree, but that's a funny visual. Poor Smellonia (your new X-Men name).  
@Happy1234 yea but not 100% sure when 
I can't believe I stayed in bed until 11. I haven't done that in a LONG time. Feels awesome, but now i feel like I wasted half the day. 
We went to the park! I had fun running around but I'm still not sure I really like other dogs, they make me nervous. Then I had a bath. 
@Fearnecotton even worse she got an N DUBZ CD HAHAHA 
My kitty just got his teeth cleaned yesterday and he is not very happy about it 
Time To Study  Exams Coming Up, Stevens Party Last Night Was Really Good !  Sponsers For The Race For Life?  x
feeling like celebrating but have nothing to celebrate 
@WONKAnation ah damn. I'm like 15 min from getting there. that's upsetting 
@bingofuel LOL thanks for stealing away my cheerful pic title when I've only had it for a few minutes 
alex,jack,chris,pat,and jared all just sent twitter texts talking about how amazing bamboozle is.  they're having fun and i'm cleaning ...
I have to try and talk with Thomas today. I think he's a lil upset with me 
@americanindie Oi - I'm so glad blip.fm works on my PC so I can actually hear the music. Darn site doesn't work on my laptop 
@michaelwhite1  you should get a mac and continue being awesome. time will help
@MandyyJirouxx gutted for you  its sunny here! 
@VAStateParks Thanks for the #followfriday sorry I'm late responding.  Here's a belated #followfriday back!) 
sunday funday @ coconuttts for her last day 
Happy Sunday! Aka Homework day 
@StudioFairy haha okay! -hands orange juice- but...i ran out of donuts 
long torso means funky playsuits are a no go  but thanks to finicky fashion will probably be 'out' soon anywho 
@Splanchna wow.. that's crazy.. are you feeling sad or happy to leave lyco? i can't imagine ever going back ther without you being there 
@plphotography last night was busy after tha fight. I didn't even get a chance to look into the crowd and report 
Getting ready to go to a friend's funeral!  Life is to short, live it your best!
@keondahawkins  trust I know that feeling. Hope all else is awesome in your world!
:had so much fun at Sunfest 2009 I'm bummed that its over 
This is going to be a sad day...Happy Birthday Heather...RIP. 
Man. Im bored &amp;&amp; ts raining outside  I hope its sunny tomorrow. I wanna have a bright work day lol.
Crawfish Boil weekend was sooo fun, but now i have to do ALL my homework now  ugh im ready for summer.
@MrsSpaceman ew,work  and thank you for the offer which I gratefully accept! 
Got a parking ticket becuase my company car was parked on the steet.  Glad to know that is against the law. 
had my fun this weekend...now its paper time 
Giving up my goal...they only work if you're rich, or know someone who is!!!  disillusioned mj... 
Beautiful day. sunny and warm, too bad i have to stay in and finish reading for a final 
&amp;&amp; my throat hurts ehh :-/... I dnt want to be sick  ... Excited about tonite.. Much needed... 
And that weather celebration has lead to an upset stomach  
gawd i hate to sleep i miss all the good stuff  but im very happy now lol!!
enjoyed having her gran &amp; aunt here 4 the weekend. And njoyed the braai @ my cousins place this afternoon. 2morrow back 2 work 
Missed appearance of Bat for Lashes on Letterman on Friday   Thankfully, there's the clip at www.youtube.com/watch?v=GobEk0ZAIpw
it's beautiful and sunny outside today.  this is sooooo not productive studying weather.  i wish it were rainy.  
@Fuzzy2230 nick serenading?? Now the coffee is awesome i want it too 
Even If I leave you now, and it breaks my heart. Even if I'm not around, I wont give in, I cant give up on this love 
@rajacenna you think  i'm do not even come close to a subscription of a stalker !
Only way to start the morning, a big starbucks and muffin. Now I don't wanna do homework  help fairygodmother!
Twitter gets me so excited like hope and depression like yay i have a text and then its just a tweet! Meh!!!!  Lol
yipee updated my fb photos...that was fun...now to mt. st. helens of laundry... 
@MissJenee Thats wussup.  Love to travel.  Even though I don't! 
@sunnymchao I know! I wanted to eat the whole jar just for that reason but too much sugar 
has been inside all day..didnt even notice what a lovely day it is outside..shame its over 
at work!!! so annoyed! today was supposed to be my day to relax 
Cleaning my room...blah.  I am not a happy panda 
so sad about Nole  Nut those Nadal impersonations at the ceremony were just amazing. Nole rules
Traveling while suffering from the flu is no fun at all.. 
MERZBOW  has unfortunately canceled his North American tour as a result of the H1N1 virus pandemic.  Looking to reschedule a GROWING show.
@haacked Dallas County in Texas lowers speed limit to 60 from 70 even in relatively rural areas. Got nailed this weekend 
WHAT IS UP WITH ok then??? Agh!!! Sounds like WHATEVER!  Itz funny if u know our secret! But I cant say for 2 weeks! &gt;
enjoying coffee. sunday and rain. ho hum so much for outdoor ride 
Missed church...and i am so upset. Man i really need to remember to set my alarm for the right times.{duh Cheryl} 
@NADMEVENTS I know  tomorow have to wake up at 4am. Sucks! Def next Sunday. Try to see if @msaja wanna come. Have a blast tonight!
is reading New Moon. Can't wait to get to the happy part! It's so sad right now. 
@tsawyercampbell not at don halls free family fun day. Haha. I'm so sorry tiff 
i really gotta get outa this funk 
@glorianatheband I unfortunately won't be able to see you on tour w Taylor this summer. I can only wish. Lol. 
just saw the adorable puppy my cousin is getting, I'm so jealous! 
ugh just had mcdonalds..yuck! need to work out! now likin the miserable rain outside   boo hoo.
@phatelara Tenkiu Debbs, sedih ni missed all the MM fun! 
disseminating educational information about the unfortunate H1N1   on my site at http://www.cfaithwalker.com  wish I had better news
Best Buy run with the little man was fun. Had McD's for lunch of course. Still didn't find a likable BB Storm case though 
rain, oh how wonderful you are. it's just like my life, a rainy fucking dat. if only... if only 
@Larissa_Ione   Well, I know it'll certainly be a USA Today Best Seller! LOL -- You're awesome!
Last year I did a really dumb thing :I joined Match.com's #dating site.Now they won't stop charging my CC, even though I closed my acct 
@techfunky don't know... it was definitely after 4am. i'm up since 9am. sooo tired. 
@scooby867 Yeah it's not fair!  You're having fun with polly pockets!! And you just left me here!! lol xx
@lonewaddy I dont have any!!!  ugh! NOT EVEN MILK! 
They LOST  not very happy right now...
@NAT3OH3 i wanted to go! but i didn't get a chance  tho you guys were awesome at Croc Rock in Allentown!!!!!!!
MI lost.. and HOW!!  sad ending to a great day! And btw, happy birthday lil pesky sis!
@BigHeadTed Erm, unfortunately, no...since I just got the twitter and it's 2:58 
@mommysnacks missing you &amp; the other #magicalmoms already  thank God for skype! hehe
Tricia's party didn't happen, but acht weel! Spent 3 days with Becky, it was so fun! =]]] What a good weekend :] School damorn though 
Studying all day and missing out on some awesome SO CA weather   but its all worth it!
I am really annoyed that i can get the highest score and still not get the highest grade. boo hoo  I want an enquiry
Not even sure why I asked.  Not like my followers respond to me 
Last night was fun...my feet hurt 
@Dustinnnn i cried   ...he is very inspirational, though.
shopping today, topshop never fails to get me depressed with how little money i have  got a mini pool table though :') good times
My computer is broken, so I won't be online for a few days  Have fun
Going to go work on tractor...cab main wiring harness this time. No Urbee or Painting or XBox tonight. Not even beer 
reveling in the beauty of the day. too bad our deck needs a good washing before we can enjoy it. 
Off to buy new shoes.....unfortunately they are for my son and not me!   LOL
@dammar Sad to hear about your supplier.  Sounds like those pigments would be awesome!
im so angry with cris! 
in this life there's no such thing as a fairytale or a happy ending!!!!!!    
Oh yes, now it's even closer... I'm gonna hate next week 
#RedWIngs game, #Hawks/#Heat gm 7, and the #Cubs are on too.  Sometimes even TWO giant screens in your living room isn't enough... 
PEOPLE!!!! follow me!!! im so unpopular  i am fun i swear. God how pathetic do i sound??? lol
still wishing i was at bamboozle today  missing some amazing bands like a day to remember, there for tomorrow &amp; versaemerge
Not too happy  Found out my small oil leak is a BIG oil leak, and now need to fix that 
Why cant the money fairy bring me some?   - tweeted from  www.boffer.co.uk
tired from work. but i wanna do something tonight if ashleys goes out in town i wont be happy 
Maybe make some new music today,but Hollywood is quite uninspirational.........and no C-bumps today either 
@Imbalanced75 i've been on myspace waiting for someone to join me    I deleted my facebook
@solangeknowles  girl did you like amsterdam i was at your sis concert( she is amazing not thing but respect) could not make your show 
 Rt @eonline David Cook's Idol Dies: AI's season seven winner loses his brother to cancer http://tinyurl.com/clg9fe
going to take a depressed shower! 
is enjoying my time with Robbie, before he goes home... 
@staceybeeeee dude watching this show about cults... its amazing. i love it. i love cults 
is thinking about all the horrible things happening to her Jeep. How do I prevent it from literally falling apart. 
Just roasted marshmellow's with my cousin! So,so fun! I burnt my finger though, what an outrage! 
Party hang over  xD. I love you, I love you not. I'm writing my candle lighting. I must not forget to add my &quot;bot&quot;(robot)xD bitting is fun
...and now he's fast asleep!  Not fair 
Barbie gets tatted  http://tinyurl.com/c4prxn there is even one that declares her love for male doll Ken. tramp stamp (
getting bored in work on a sunny sunday 
@carlosevia You and your students apparently.  That too on a Sunday!  Psst: don't answer it, they'll get the message eventually.
carbs are the devil. but they make me so happy. so by that logic does that mean the devil makes me happy? oh no.... 
Ugh, i really dont wanna leave florida  Its beautiful and the people i met are too- absolutely amazing.
I'm upset because I missed the Kentucky Derby yesterday! 
had another awesome weekend in vegas! time to leave 
Ugh i really dont wanna leave florida  its beautiful here and so are the people i met here too- absolutely amazing.
Enjoying the sunny weather too much.   I don't want to leave  http://twitpic.com/4hwm9
is upset that my coin pouch is missing  Hopefully I dropped it at the bf's place/car.
Fun times last nite, but payin 4 it 2day... Could barely stay awake in church.   Gonna clean up apt, work on a few projects, then chill.
Urgh. My crane 'project' has been put on hold for now. Won't have the time to finish them until later. I haven't even finished half it. 
thinkin bout friday (the dance) upset bout it.... 
@modernsinglemom no, unfortunately they have to be done manually.  this plugin does import users: http://tinyurl.com/okc6y
@midnightskye Ya- I cant even imagine what losing a child would be like or a younger sibling. 
Getting very very frustrated with having a crap internet connection 
what a shitty night, not too happy 
@kyleandjackieo I NEVER GOT THROUGH  im so jealously upset.
I'm annoyed I didn't get to go to the falconry fair 
@mileycyrus I am rediculously jealous. Revision is my agenda for next 2 months! 
Headed to Seven solo  my poor husband is exhausted and really sunburned from his camping trip! Miss you @marcos_clark
@daddyclaxton looks yummy, but I can't even have the roll   won't be as good on a waser wafer : b  enjoy!
So excited to go home! I'm on the final plane in SF and I keep turning to whoever is next to me, but noone shares my joy. 
@DavidArchie Pink is from Philly and she's not even doing a show here.  How bummed am I, Archie?! 
@Jennybeeean I haven't even got a response from David or Daniel yet 
I wanted the time stop!!!  i'm unhappy!!!
@VickiVoisin i bet it's great.  unfortunately, my dh has severe heart disease, so i won't be making it often 
@iamdiddy I want to have fun 
@kerrussell HeHeHe! Unfortunately I can't blame anyone else for my cacked up coat - 'xcept my absent mindedness 'divness'. 
Finally home! Now i get to do more homework... Awesome! 
Didn't get to take a nap...  BUT enjoyed the girl talk w/ @britdior and Ashley!!!
Am watching &quot;DollHouse&quot; Awesome show too, Love Joss Whedon am sad cause I heard it will not be back next season 
@ryanwoodings sounds like fun but I  think I might have to skip this time. Late night last night and I am tired 
@kerrussell HeHeHe! Unfortunately I can't blame anyone else for my cacked up coat - 'xcept my absent minded 'divness'. 
is glad the net connection at home is back. unfortunately, wifi's gone...  http://plurk.com/p/rm6vj
@achillesmama I like it, and you made me smile..I am a hopeless overanalyzer  that does not help with anything these days..
Luckily, the weather didn't get too bad. Unfortunately, my parents lost power  Hope it comes back quickly for them!
@dmsKevieBear hows your &quot;friend&quot; FiFI? i hear it may be getting serious, I think I'm a tad jealous 
@kend_ohh  okay  that's good! oh and you missed an AMAZING concert last night. i wish you were with us 
Rain, rain go away! Come again another day, oh wait, it's coming almost everyday next week! FANTASTIC! 
@joyntheir I don't think everyone saw my tweet to follow me here  oh well!!
@mrgarbutt even i don't know it lol i know the roman transliterations and maybe recongize words but not really  i have awful lingo skillz
@bday01 i didnt even get a chance to see u  maybe next time friend!
@Alegrya A good suit looks fantastic, but sadly, most men wear cheap suits which look nasty 
is about to eat dinner. then homeworkk  desperate housewives is on tonight to.
@lulucian i've been playing gardening mama nonstop. the engrish is amazing. and I'll try boing?...I'm a no for pokemon. 
@carnagefairy and all those things too 
@twi_obsessed_xo LMFAOO! LMAOOO !!, SRY THT SOUNDED REALLY FUNNY!, i wanna go there though 
@jtbarclay I miss living in an area where the back yard can double as a target range. I'm not even allowed to fire a BB gun in my yard. 
@jrc_why_me  Sorry, yesterday was so hectic/stupid. Still went to friends house even though the party was pushed. Forgot to call back. 
@Tumultuous why didn't I see you!?  or did I and now I've forgotten? oh well. happy birthday!
is not happy with &quot;X-Men Origins: Wolverine&quot; ... Truely awful CGI in places and a complete savaging of one of my favourite characters 
@AmyleeEdith Hope your enjoying L.A. Have a Starbucks or 2 for me while your there. Missing your almost-famous self. Come home soon  LY!
@fridakahlo1 Awesome patio day. I enjoyed - but we're expecting more rain 
@HeyACupcake  so glad everything is beautiful :o)   So sad about the things left behind 
extremely unhappy that she has caught a cold 
@Nyblaque I doing great thanks...had a wonderful weekend, ended too soon 
@LouiseBagshawe it was amazing getting to meet you Louise...spun out that you were there! Didn't get a pic with you though 
@PrincessC87 u knoooow lol it aint even hot here though its cold  i hate it
@BmoreSlim I know right! They spotted a funnel cloud! 
wants her lip peirced again, or maybe a monroe...UGH, depressed  and a fat ass
Playing wii fit with my cousin and sister :] Its so fun but tiring, we have a wii but not a wii  fit  I want one.
desperately wishes she was at Bamboozle  all my favorite bands are performing PLUS a Mitchell Davis booth (((((((((((((((
@vlh I absolutely hate Sunday evenings 
is upset that the detroit game went into triple overtime and they lost 
@majorlyposh we need 4 though! my other 3 are from the list she gave us but even from older stuff I can't find a good 4th to use 
had an awesome day. I'm gonna miss choir so much 
@shaneheadboy I'm stoned on advil cold and sinus and they aren't even doing anything..  
@nomusicnolife and FM Tokyo is awesome.  Truly a righteous dude 
sunday not-so-funday 
@john__ Not if it is like the one you put out earlier - I'm jealous! 
Just got home. Cleaning  Had a great day with Maxie. Very grateful for semi-normal days in his autistic world. Just love him so much.
Never going 2 be the same!  does this mean that I'm gonna have 2 play with a knee brace 4 the rest of my life? I'm only 15! It's not fair!
@Sumooqip  i thought i was funny, and original. 4 stars
@bellaedolce Hi Hater! *waves at my reflection*   ahh geez  
Oh man what a week SEEN had. 16 events! Hope we can fit them all in tuesday's paper- the pictures might be smaller than usual 
PROM WAS AMAZING! why do all good things have to come to an end? 
At what point should a person be offended for trying to join the service when his own Capt. tells him be should be a politician very  ...!
Had a wonderful time in the NYC. I never get to see any celebs. Just Al Sharpton  lol
my hair is fucked up from the rain. not too happy about that. lol 
@veneziano46 Hi, unfortunately I'm a Baseggio that lives in Melbourne, Australia. Nonno was veneto... came to Aus in 1940s... sorry 
@Jaineen  Thx I'm doing a meet and greet that day with the chamber commerce   please don't forget for you next event.
is home thankfully! and in desperate need of a good neck/back massage! im uber sore! 
showed up in montague just as stuff was ending  But enjoyed running around, eating food, and exploring old buildings in the deserted town.
&quot;Please wait a few minutes to vote again&quot; really puts a damper on the fun of thumbs-upping or -downing parts of films on youtube. 
finallly in north carolinaaaa! ah I'm so excited too bad one tree hill is done filming 
@YogaChicky Yeow, sounds like you had a real crappy weekend hun  *huggles* I'm sending happy vibes your way!
Balling...funerals are so sad 
stuck inside crunching the numbers while it s gorgeous sunny autumn day outside 
A little unhappy that H&amp;A missed out on a Logie this year, but being up against PTTR kinda gave it away that they would miss out! 
friends is the ABSOLUTE best show ever!!! can never get enough of this show its insanely funny...the best thing ever..school tom 
UPSET idid not get to see my bestfrienddd ( tim ) on his birthday 
Just got home from Nina's house the movie was awesome!! ;).... i have school 2mmorow ewwwwwwwww 
@mobethsmom yeah I know.  I'm really glad hank stayed home today to let me rest. I'm very lucky.
watchin tv n doin my math homework  then desperate housewives wit my momma. &lt;3
@squashedtoad Hope you enjoyed the sun today--word is out--rain is coming again.  
@JohnLloydTaylor Wish I could go to Australia someday! Even though I probably will never  Well...California FIRST
@erinthomas06 Fun, but its almost over 
@MayMissAwkward i knoow!! haha that would be awesome... but its not real 
Missing a chance to sub with Cheds.  More rational heads (Bill) prevailed however, as I sat here hacking up a lung. 
@IamFunk no naked. bathing suit!!!!  LOL ms.edina is the one who is alllways naked. i miss her...paw 
Any tips for a sore tummy?  Please be simple, I am at work so simple ingrediates will be fantastic.
Sunday funday ends  work tomorrow begins
@natalietran I wanna be able to read the full quotes in the background here on twitter. They look funny but I'm blocked by the msg stream 
@paraWRITERmore Haha...Nothing, actually. I'm just a bit annoyed right now. 
filter - where do we go from here (x-ecutioners remix) is amazing. i remember when i first heard it on power in LA - i was 18 n love 
@ThePISTOL my oh my you are probably THE CUTEST thing ever when playing drums - bamboozle was amazing - bummed i didnt meet you! 
@asmaki i guess i don't always have fun at home 
@scicheer congrats! sounds like an amazing and informative time http://tinyurl.com/d6rej8   I'd go to meet authors, but can't 
Even after the paycheck, still broke.  Haven't put into the $10k savings after hitting $5K.  boo 
@asmaki06 i guess i don't always have fun in the house 
@MIKESCHAIR Wish I was in Florida.   You guys are amazing.  Thanks for all you do.
bamboozle farwell! we left early but this year was SO MUCH FUN I don't wanna leave   I love lifeeeee
@HappyGaper  I loved the video! It was so cool. I can't ski, snowboard, or any  of that other shit. It doesn't snow here. 
@Fairy73 UGHH! tellll me about it!   i hate it! i cant even begin!  its really bad! what should i do to get cracking on my paper?!
@prCarrD un-be-liev-ably so! but not creative...just filling orders! $$$ but not fun 
I hope Amazing Race was good.  Maya and TayTay totally are totally now allowing me to watch in peace tonite 
@jasonridge1 reality tv shows are bad  they are....okay, so the amazing race is good. but, rock of love, i love money, etc. those are BAD
I am not happy that the weekend is almost over   Monday mornings are rough!
@arengh its even gonna be skewered with some excellent veggie tables and quinoa on the side.  Its not khorovats though 
@darfawnda you're just trying to make me jealous. 
@jaleesaja: but im not happy... lol. im soooooo confused.!   live.LAUGH.&lt;3.
Gf really upset &amp; dissapointed me today. Really wanna talk about it, but it's such a  long story for it all to make sense. Oh well 
@Brad_Jolly I'm sorry baybee  I'll come help :]
if they do it i will have double vacations and this is awesome too but at the end of the year maybe we have to take those lose classes  
Such an uneventful day 
@KELLY__ROWLAND no fair cant change up now 
Is not looking forward to going to a funeral tomorrow   I hate funerals!
Just took a quiz and is proven to be an official Sadist. But i dont enjoy watching pain... 
is stressing out! Too much pressure---i need to focus on my history final---i havent even done research for my eglish research paper yet. 
Tweetie is an awesome app but u can tell which tweets r new 
is at home tonight...like home orignal home in Erin!  Awesome shopping weekend...now back to reality this week 
@KaitMac Haha oh funnn! Mommys are just da bomb! Duuuudde, guess what mommy said last night...  
@landrumdh I am jealous of your shake 
a moment of &quot;content unavailable&quot; sadness. movie is uk-only  http://www.bbc.co.uk/merlin/
DVD wouldn't work  called Redbox &amp; they refunded me + gave me a code for a free rental
@schnekmas You make me jealous 
Rebecca is STUDYING her butt off for finals. and it's SO fun. 2 finals tomorrow. 
LOL@ &quot;Mariahhhh, facebook keeps you out of trouble and off the STRAAEEETTS, do you even know where DT is anymore???&quot; HAHA  so sad so true
@EmmyHildy aww that's not as funny 
 *cries* I'm so depressed, thanks to you my angel! &quot;I'm gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me well&quot;!!
@carmenmaria10  im not  hahha. jk. have fun babee.
Watching Desperate Housewives then Brothers &amp; Sisters.  Back to the old salt mines tomorrow....the lottery has passed me by yet again.  
@MiltonRoyalS sum bitch steppd on me maddddd hard with her heel or dnt even noo and its od hurt LOL 
tired. oh so tired. i even took a nap but  to no avail 
in BKK for shopping :-D while waiting lost luggage  meanwhile thinks what to do with those few days available: sunny beaches or Cambodia?
@SerenePoet aww i miss you too  &lt;3 come to practice Tues please?????
@jason_mraz aaah im so jealous  sharing is caring!!!! lol
@langfordperry me and my cousin asked you lots of questions on kevinpollakshow but he never read it out  anyway your awesome x
can't help but eat chocolate with peanuts and toffee inside even though I'm allergic to peanuts 
Why doesn staying home alone all day make me depressed? I wish my baby was with me 
Watching Desperate Housewives and feeling like im seasick 
@monnie One of those accounts you can only access once a year or something ? That's no fun 
I enjoyed going to Reni Chan's concert in Karaoke Top Tunes!  Anyway, fun time's over.  It's back to REALITY! 
Relaxing today~ Went to Tampa Bay Vs Boston Baseball game last night in St. Petersburg, Florida~ We lost  But it was fun! Last Minute plan
Just watched ellens 1000 show!!!! It was awesome... But they didn't show any JB clips. 
@panacea81 hahaha, awww!  that's not funny  (i want my fucking money so i can buy some kits from you, and its really cheep (cheap?) 
dropped phone behind bed lastnight, just found it ... no text messages, no missed calls  lol, I'm glad
@FoodIsNeat I'm even a little jealous of the eraser and the fact it never looses it's powers.  ...I have more to say but can't fit it in! 
Full. Happy with the day of apartment-purging. Next weekend: Storage unit. [EEK.] Then, done, I hope, until fall. I have no booze. FAIL. 
@IsadoraR i'm watching it too ! GMTA . but yes yes watch GG tonight , and p dot es im not happy read fbook msg  / :@
I am eating my last piece of carrot-birthday cake  Happy 30th to me.
Excited about working on the new website, new music, and going on blogtv again!...after final exams this week 
@brandonrae haha, amazing artists! Check this out:  http://twurl.nl/16y8hq Literally JUST missed it though 
@jasonjoo The last time I tried donating to you I wasn't able to write it off on my taxes  no fair you get like 450 different ani cons lol
@LBJJ9 hey why didnt you win, u knew what TINK was., thats not fair 
@brutha Well hope u enjoy that... it rained all day today here in Maryland! 
is a little dissapointed.  cant get IBM Rational Software Modeler to work on Ubuntu.  http://plurk.com/p/rms25
my pacobutthole is in pain from an unfortunate accident with a goldschlager bottle    but my birthday is in two days so drink tampon beer!
@upromise Unfortunately, Rewards Network has lost almost every restaurant they had in my home town. 
twitter is making me double tweet again.  not fair!
@mmitchelldaviss amazing pillow i want one so bad 
@JoanRivers___ OMG!!!  they didn't even win again!! 
@curleyseattle I keep seeing commercials for Evening Magazine and it's weird not having you in them. 
What a fun show tonight @nrrradio ! Now off to brush my teeth and go to bed. Have to leave early tomorrow morning 
Even though LOST is on, I am dreading Wednesday  (@Shmoe)
@codyks Well when some of us live out of state it can't just be made happen unfortunately 
@Jaye_Valentine I give up here. So not thrilled with this publisher, esp after my cover fiasco. and editing issues. 
@Trinipilot nah..only wknds.wkdays im up by 4 so............  well u hav fun.4 me 2
@ABabyBlueEyes heeyy  u didnt get my email.. u making me upset naw?? lol
@RiskyBusinessMB we miss you here in Cali!  but Im glad you guys had fun!!
@amazingphoebe i emailed you baby  eeek, i'll call you tonight yes 
visiting with my amazing SLDs.. how sad to know i only have a few more days with them 
had fun wit the NO boys... now the drive back 
@podcampsa unfortunately I will me in Austin that day 
my finals are 2morrow. wow..im so excited. 
just got back from anyer with friends, satisfied with the beach and banana boat but then my skin turns darker.. 
@guyfour20 no autumn or winter! Either sunny, raining, cloudy or windy , and today is rainning 
@TiaMowry Oh NO! It was so funny! Man O Man! I just bought all the episodes on Itunes that were avail yesterday! Networks stink! 
is excited about going to work tomorrow so i can actually be productive .... such a wasteful day 
@joeymcintyre Unfortunately I cannot. I will be supporting and hootin and hollerin from my couch.  But I'll be seeing you in June 3 times!
@HanSpam  sooo jealous. i want to see it  not til june though, JUNE!! we have no food in the house and its labour day so nothings open !
@bygbaby enjoy, cuz I'm all out now.  
Watching Desperate Housewives at the apartment! Work tomorrow  @ Fairfax County Pky &amp; North Lake Dr http://loopt.us/D5bFbw.t
@Kealik was set to show @yourname in the comment based on your email address, but twitter recently removed that function from the API 
Keeping up with the kardashians.. How I wish I was one of them. Ugh!  SO UNFAIR.
Wonderful weekend.... now back to reality  BOO
@Jasmonique Tamera's show got cancelled!  it was mad funny
Pretty sure having too much fun in the car with laura gave me swine flu. 
@Emily83g i heard   but not if I win the fan pass. I'll find out on Wednesday. If not then it'll be fun to be there anyway LOL
My poor @RIG. I have warned him that getting the stupid #swineflu is not an option, but he's still sick  Im glad Darci and Chad have him.
@Lissi12 Boo. That's no fun 
@sunburntdoe ugh, I have that too unfortunately  Another time, no worries!
@CarrieEmmy Sad to say that in these desperate times you never know what people may do 
Desperate housewives really touched me 
i'm going, to schooooooool! do i sound like I'm excited to go to school? yes? good. because i'm not. 
@joeymcintyre I wish i could. Unemployed with funds $$ running low.....  Joey you should run your own contest.
Played 18 this morning and was not on my game.  Shot an 88, 44 each side.  I'm not happy with that after shooting an 82,  
@kalibration yeah  Hearing how other people get to be around the ones they love is making me all sad and stuff. I mean I'm happy for them.
even though i have a 4.0.. i am freaking out about finals. what if i get my first EVER college B?? 
@markhoppus I am happy when you talk of Brazil, although the Portuguese is not so good  haha
I have no hair, ahhh my wonderful hair 
@tayylurrrr awesomeee!(: i wanna go to Wango Tango.....blehh its to hardd to get tickets 
Hates when people, aka my sisters, eat my ice cream while I'm not home. Now I can't enjoy the choclatey Dove goodness. 
attempting to study. amazing wknd to say the least. missyou 
Weekends always go by so fast!!  it was a great one though, and Zach did fantastic at the marathon!
@CalMarieB Ugh... I don't use FB. 
@youquit Maren's secret of the day: I really hate musicals.  Except Sweeney Todd &amp; RHPS. Even POTO. Book is better &amp; Christine=annoying
@pocket_rocket That would be fun! Too bad I don't have the DVDs, though. 
Done...now I can start to enjoy my weekend for like an hour and 15 minutes...ooops 
doesn't want to go back to that horrible place tomorrow. She had such a wonderful weekend and now she has to go back to being miserable. 
haven't even started the grading I'd planned    I am so far behind it isn't funny. Going to bed now anyway.
my phone is pretty awesome but I have not found a way to irc from it yet. 
wants some of the emonade at Jamaican resturant  but they were closed today...  No fair so ready to get back home and make some $$$
wants some of the lemonade at Jamaican resturant  but they were closed today...  No fair so ready to get back home and make some $$$
has unstable power. Sean, Crittle, and I can't do anything but sit sadly on my bed 
Studing about old dead european guys is no fun 
@Vegan_Cupcake we missed you too  enjoy the dogs &amp; cupcakes!
@LAMBE_GONE_WILD Why you so sad baby?  plz be happy!
@blendybri I think I'm just going to spam you until you get back. If you're even gone. Where are you anyway? 
man, it really only takes one person to change the tone of a raid. Now it's not any fun. 
I miss Sr. Bible Camp.  I want to go back in June. Someone want to float me a hundred bucks for a week of fun? thought not. durn.
@kballin90 ya it was fun...but it was state finals for FFA. 
Dang! Missed out on a great evening mt bike ride 
@PandaMayhem Cool! I desperately wanted to meet Adam Pascal but he never came out after either show 
@aircraftloves72 NO! We're still driving home! Haven't even passed Bakersfield yet. I do hope he's ok though 
@aridhol Ahh, how ones tune changes, it wasn't long ago that U praised TweetDesk... &amp; now U wouldn't even turn a cheek 4 it... how 
@markhoppus the end of the #hoppusday  but it was nice and funny isn't it? i hope you like it, seriously! thanks Mark! thanks...
everybody enjoying don lemon beast on cnn, then i brought up bryant gumble and everybody went  *dead*
@DavidArchie Hey Love the episode but why only 5 mins  u were awesome loved ya!!!
@WAYFMNorthwest good call! That would actually be pretty awesome too! I've never seen any footage aboard the boat 
*Keeping Cook and his family in my prayers.. Gosh, why in the world did that happen?  So unfortunate...
to hell i go!  mmm, hes amazing.
watching final fantasy XIII trailers... its  bloody awesome and its not coming to PC 
Doesn't know what to do when there is nothing to do! It's also no fun not being able to get a job 
@likethe309 Work took a lot out of me.  I don't work quite a few days in a row again this week. We should play more awesome singstar!
ugh, people stop twittering about chicago. it is making me homesick and I don't even live there yet 
AMAZING WEEKEND! now back to boring old school!  oh well 4 more weeks! WOOH!
2 finals notes completed...2 more to go.  Alex is naht going to be a happy camper this week
@maliciousmandy1 ... u should definately have another meet-up no one could watch the kids tonight so I'm stuck at home 
 really upset
@SamSedaei Thanks Sam. I sometimes don't even recognize Toronto anymore 
@vindee Unfortunately, plugging it into another jack works just fine  Sigh.
yoga doesnt make my hamstring happy 
fun weekend wit the girls &lt;3 so tireddd sunday night blues 
@sarah_alford I can't either...and I'm not even going to the beach...  I should've found a boyfriend in time!
is getting angry cause every 5 mintues my internet decides to stop working and i have to restart it....and my back hurts 
Unfortunately an eventful evening for my friends :'(  hope all is better in the morning.  I will have to investigate the parade tomorrow 
Woke up thinking even today is a holiday  long weekends are a blessing and a curse too 
@JoeyMcIntyre http://twitpic.com/4ihfa - NO fair, I didn't get to see the pic! 
This book is amazing, it kills me that i have to take a break from it to do a social project that was initially due last Friday. 
@Mary_R_Roberts I just noticed HealthCraft is on twitter and I'm angry with the company so I'm venting a little 
OK so i am finally starting on this 4 to 6 page paper. . . so happy school is almost over... baby girl just went to sleep and i'm tired 
frustrated 
I don't feel like doing ANYTHING when I'm sick, damnit!  Which means NOTHING (even incidental stuff) gets done for days!!!!!!
Just got home...Vegas was wonderful........oh the memories....back to reality....  
@ucealmighty - how odd, I never get mail  but, I'm still a happy customer! 
@Maryssfromparis i would gladly take you to my prom! but im girl nd im only a junior  lol
@stephspencer i wont even be on the cruise  just summer tour
@Joyceeee i know right. i scared the CRAP out of me. omg. i'm sad.  freaking new yorkian guy. UGHH.
wow, i am such an email sucker. i get so excited when i see the little red dot indicating new mail, and then its always from petsmart 
well, I think imma call it a night cuz eventually imma end up fallen asleep. bUt so yea I miss my bae-beeee  hmmm??? da bird is da word
i just got asked to shoot a funeral... unsure whether to... 
now im all depressed. 
i start work tomorrow  so not excited, but the money will be nice.
wants to become famous on some kind of social networking site but has no skill  so I guess i'm hopeless. At least I have swimming =]
iSnort - unfortunately this will never make it to the App Store  http://tinyurl.com/983z82
@ohhowfunny Okaaaaaaaay. Try you're hardest, 'cause I need it  haha.
doesn't want you to be mad at me  this sucks. please be happy. i am requesting that you do so.
@mileycyrus awesome. I spent my day waiting around for classes that were cancelled. 
@OpusDei24 that sounds better... I wouldnt even have a base campus i'd just testdrive 'em all. damn if only that were actually possible 
I'm having issues with a certain someone. I'd like to have her in my life, more than just as a friend....It'll never work unfortunately.  
is heading home. Concert was AWESOME. Got to sing into John's mic. Ben threw his pick at me but I missed it.   Good times though!! #fb
@unkamengifts and yes it was worth the traffic home to see Cher. Weather in Vegas was awesome not too hot.  Lost $200  
can't sleep...depressed it's Monday tomorrow...back on the grind! 
Even though &quot;Your Seed&quot; is such a bad name for a song with small children in it, I still enjoy the song 
I am SO sunburned  oh well. hiking was amazing!
Spent 4 hours practicing etudes and the Dvorak Concerto instead of studying. Time flies when your having fun! But now I have to study 
Not even a full moon tonight and, still, everybody on the road seemed to be a complete lunatic 
@Tyyyy Im allergic to their seasoning  I cant even eat the damn rice. smh
@zacksback you're not a snow bird though, right? We have awesome neighbors across the street. I wish they would stick around 
@steph_thtgirl15 dont be like that. u didn't even hear half of it. and dont cry cuz ur making me cry  lol
@happycodemonkey you aren't receiving my IMs 
@laniew i know! haha im the jealous one tho 
@AngryAngMo Your landlord is a meanie. 
@OUBad I WANNA GO SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DAMN BAD!!  Even if just for a night.... :*(
Fantastic performance so far. Mairead Nesbitt is mind blowing. @lakshmiganesh You missed a good one 
watching tv even though I should be studying  I can't help it!
@Sarahh_Green I was miserable also. 
In the four hours of Ducks @ Red Wings awesomeness, completely forgot to order netbook today. Blargh. 
My aunt died today, suddenly. Very unexpected and really upsetting 
@suavefaire That never happens to me. My toddler will only sleep in his bed. 
Trying to get excited about my personal game project again... It's been a while since I did any work on it. 
I think I cracked my neck... I can't even move 
@joeymcintyre u guys we'll have a blast!! I'll be enjoying the show from home 
@so_rock_steady -  hay hun.... sorry to hear that  i know the feeling... cept mine is a Friday !
Off to bed! Spring semester starts tomorrow  had so much fun in NY! Nighty night!
@missgiggly yeah my sis makes AMAZING crumble. this one was berry and apple. and I really, really want some, but I think it may be gone 
@joeymcintyre IT SUCKS!!! i can't go n i can't even watch it on tv cuz i have 2 work. i'm very upset!!! 
Feeling loads better. I hate sickness so much  But now, it is currently raining outside which makes me happy.
@hannastasia aww man!! that would be fun!!  im sooo behind in design i dont know what im gonna do   oopsy
Joys in life that don't last  long enough...A set of little hands rubbing his fathers back. 
Its my anniversary and i sooo forgot  thats how i knoe im soo caught up in disz outhhaa worldd im in happy anni BABE ILY :-*
@grapefruits lol if it makes you feel any better, i really enjoy watching demi lovato's show. 
@kate__marie you made fun of me  haha
Evening naps = late nights  Good morning, tweethearts A funderful week to you all
Meep. When did Miley Cyrus cover &quot;Part of Your World&quot; from The Little Mermaid? And why is this the second Miley-related tweet of the day? 
@bettymaccrocker aww.  i'm glad that he gave her a shoutout. she went to bed like 20 minutes too early!!!!
@followpeterpan studying Freud followed SEVEN hours !!... without food  haha so sad!
@joeymcintyre I live in Boston and still couldnt even go the launch party 
Was going to go back to the beach today but it's cold and raining  Miserable weather  How is everyone else?
I cancelled my liteneasy delivery by phone, then got charged anyway. A week later they haven't responded to my email asking for a refund. 
@nichtgefund Por eso, jaja, es un meme When you see it you'll shit bricks. Ah! 'Fuiste al Motorockr Fest! Bastard 
@OGBERRY unfortunately I've heard all about ur nw haircut and haven't seen it yet 
im upset, i will not see my boyfriend tomorrow for a week. i will miss you babee xoxoxoxoxoxo 
Lovely Sunday evening -- massive headache, scatchy throat -- I HATE allergies. Where's @Robb_Henshaw when I need him? 
Desperately wanting to go shopping. Except.. don't feel like seeing all my money go down the drain  AIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I wish I can stop bumping into pretty SO4 fanarts. Stop reminding me that I can't play the game, dangit.  Even if it gets bad reviews
@Gabrielle_Union lol lookd at ur page said following 11 people thought you follwd me hdd a happy face but turns out it wasnt blown face 
@ExocetAU We better enjoy it, last one 'til Ekka Day! 
damn I wont even get to be able to get laid....    so sad    :/
I just upset myself by looking at the Bonaroo set list.  I wish I could goooo.
i dont know how to even begin my statistics hw  doomed.
And......the parents Are NOT happy...very not happy actually.  uh oh.
Began watching an MSNBC documentary, too disturbing... I have to change the channel.     I'm beyond disgusted!
@Brepaladino  I was so upset I couldn't go! lol
im getting jealous of the looks of my old friends in mtl  they look amazing and im just.. -- PFFT .
I have become severely backed up with work and I know I can handle if I commit to no fun for a week or so 
After moving the final bits out of the studio this evening, my boot won't open  That's the trunk to folks that aren't so globally aware
Wow. Cannot sleep, what the hell is going on? Have to wake up early tomorrow morning for school.. grr.. Sunday's upset me sometimes  ..
I WAS having fun watching a documentary on the Vatican but then time had to go by really fast and ruin my day. 
Legit depressed  miss bamboozle my friends and the hotel  had an amazing time &lt;3
@Iamlegend01 wow .) the new one, he bold, is awesome!!!!! 10 minutes and i gotta go 
@DavidArchie Kirk Franklin is awesome in concert. I saw him this year in Charleston, SC! Wish you could have gone to one of his shows. 
@leetmarie I don't even drink everyday! I'm not an alcoholic 
is psyched that Rossi got his first win this MotoGP season &amp; is glad Lorenzo wasn't hurt. Still bummed over Nicky Hayden's season so far 
I hateee back to work on mondays after awesome weekends  but I gotta finish my project at the office 
@bizymare unfortunately Violet is not mine. We can't have dogs, and it makes me very sad. 
is looking for a potential sibbling to The Rex even though he has no idea how he would afford one... Let's just call this day dreaming 
Wolverine......awesome. And prom was amazing. Won 95 tickets but never won anything 
@rachelhart would be awesome but the tickets are twice as much...  You fly into Frankfurt.
I am a bit upset about Faraday's turnout in Lost 
finally finished reading that book!!!....celebrating by writing a 6-8 page paper tonight/tomorrow on it 
@Therealkiss Have fun...wish I knew you were coming!!! 
@_tira ive been doing french all weekend, i havent done any listening ones cause ive lost my cd's haha! im hopeless. 
People I actually know are disappearing from Twitter daily...     Even the one friend who told me I should get one!
Trying to twit pic this awesome moment but my twitter app on my phone isn't being so nice 2 me right nw 
Hahha Family Guy tonight was sooo hilarious.. They were not very nice to my man  still funny tho haha
@susielin oh man! What a BBQ I'm missing!  miss you babe! Have fun n @bubabox @kaimanapine @bonjiri
my cell phone was pronounced dead earlier this evening. and I will miss it  very much
is annoyed... never taking exedrine migraine b4 bed again! PITS! 
short weekend. got nothing done. made a dress and gained two pounds oh joy  Needs a study buddy, nutritionist and that celly the xenon!!
@AlexAllTimeLow UMASS. TWO &quot;s&quot;'s lol hahaha i know you all did amazing except poor dannys head. i even live in MA! did i go? no 
on friday i made this awesome video, and well youtube rejected it coz of the song. pfft, thats annoying and the videos soooo good 
@cunderwo because it is an accomplishment. after the 100th one, the rest go like cake. and idk if i can do it, i'm so frustrated 
@joystiq Seem i missed it by 20 Min 
@japhun yeah you are so excited coz next month u'll be on holiday 
im actually enjoying 'the reader.' and i hate reading!!! although something tells me this surge of enthusiasm for reading wont last long 
Just had the most incredible weekend.  Now I have to concentrate on finishing my education.    why am I so ADD!?
@rinabina333 happy birthday!! im sorry we couldnt spend time together today  i love you. xoxxoo
@themorgan I didn't even realise what the date was until about 20 minutes ago! I missed out on wishing everyone Happy Star Wars day 
@meghannian  Sorry yes I was a little frustrated for being blocked  oh well tomorrow will be a better day  Good night
Back in OC.  Miss No. Cal already. Really good to see the kids (only 2 tho   Enjoying a Stella and starting to wonder about the WSOP.
@medievalcute aww i'm sorry you don't feel very happy  but cash cash are coming back to columbia, maybe that'll cheer you up a bit?
@DonnieWahlberg I am at home preparing for my presentation tomorrow  so not having any fun...
@itallwithers i am bueno, mostly. a little disgruntled. i need my meds  yadida? how r u?
I miss Sam Brown  @kaitkerrigan and @brianlowdermilk I hope you guys get a chance to come back! I miss you! The bad years would be awesome
@SOCguitar11 I didn't even see anyone. I stayed in a bands tent the entire time basically. It is raining and about 2 degrees 
Hello twitterworld, im back! My phone was dead  fucking amazing day &lt;3 shower &amp; then sleep. pictures &amp; info tomorrow!!
@SJSharksfan that sounds fun, albeit totally unaffordable 
the dog doesn't even whine when I leave. I really am that unloved these days 
@KKCornelison Fast and Furious looks awesome but I want to watch this...but I don't understand Russian..  -- http://bit.ly/i1V2h
drooling at the list of wine events for May in Beijing.... so many wines, so little time 
@FlyhighNY But it's all repeats! &amp; I'm lookin for my cookie dough before my 10 mins are up! I'm depressed Ny, 34F+ size 3= NOTHING fits! 
@ matts ... let the holding begin.. tomorrow=hurt   but tonight=awesomeness
@DonnieWahlberg Im sitting at home checking twitter as i work on Weekly Homework for my students...not as fun as being in Boston 
@DonnieWahlberg Here and unfortunately not with you 
@SydneyStarship I never have energy, like ever. I'm a pretty calm person most of the time. Mom doesn't let me buy energy drinks. 
Had such a fun day with my baby ((: now back to hw 
Home from Palm Springs!!  soo much fun!
I am sad and unhappy 
http://twitpic.com/4j3w8 - Wheelie cool! Hah..I laughed harder than I should have. Nina made fun of me 
@leahmadison aww  what class are you in now? i'm bored of school too, so glad it's the last lesson for the day! :O
just watched seven pounds on dvd and i'm crying 
I ? friends.. Even though my best is still being a butt 
@manda2001 that sounds amazing, I'm beyond jealous! I want me a macbook. 
I just had the biggest upset of my life, since I had to watch the series finale of Buffy for a class when I'm only on season two... 
Not a happy camper right now. I am such a bitch - why does he put up with me? I have no appreciative qualities and am stubborn as hell. 
@miraclelaurie you were awesome on Friday Miracle! I felt so bad when he left you laying there in your pod  can&quot;t wait for next week!
@AlexAllTimeLow i missed the umass show, but my brother called me to rub it in  so sad i missed thisss. but amazing show on tuesday&lt;3
Is really annoyed that my CD burner is being a shithead. Time to get an external burner 
@BrentSpiner Really missing your updates...Twitter is much less fun without you.  
@takehomemaui no tattoo for me.  my parents would KILLLLLLLLL me. you should get one, though!!!! it can be a belated bday gift to yourself
SO upset I couldn't see No Doubt at bamboozle today. 
Seven Singaporeans have been quarantined in Hong Kong 
miserable. college is so not my thing. midterm  peace&amp;&amp;lovelovelove.
Watching DVRed Unwrapped and wishing I had stopped at Azalea for a funnel cake 
@OneSeasonMLB You're right!  Unfortunately, I Tivoed it so I missed the last 3 innings. 
someone i knows mom lives across the street from this incident. shes pretty livid, said her house is fallin apart. crazyy 
wishing the swine flu ends soon... I can't even go to the movies 
@HidingEsther blah I wish!  im 80 percent sure I cant go..but we'll see! I thought I would have more funds leftover..bleh ;(
no more Abilene WyldLife  hard for my hear -- however, excited about the opportunity to do YougLife or YoungLives ...but a hard choice
Kayaked out to Chinamans Hat but ate all day so I think no physical benefit  At least there's a new Desperate to cheer me up
no more Abilene WyldLife  hard for my heart -- however, excited about the opportunity to do YougLife or YoungLives ...but a hard choice
Gonna get ready for bed. Have a funeral to go to in the morning. 
Morning all! Happy bank holiday Monday to all in Ireland (and UK?). Not a holiday here in Spain 
Off to bed not exactly a Monday FUNDAY 
Taking deep breaths... I need to calm down and go to sleep 
yeah I'm desperate for a new 16G labret. I think I have to wait until Friday to get a new one... hopefully 
@soundsofsight You know whats funny about the appendix? it has absolutely no known use to our bodies. Besides giving us appendicitis. 
I just had the most awesome weekend with the most awesome guy ever.  Too bad it had to end.  
@DominicMonaghan X-Men was amazing!  Too bad you didnt have more screen time, though 
Those heady times we shared - I miss you already dumplings!   Din Tai Fung, we shall meet again.
i tried to give korean food a fair chance, but most of the stuff my roomates cook makes me wanna hurl from the smell alone 
Watching Platinum Weddings (yet again) and realizing I don't believe in fairy tales anymore... 
@MCRmuffin If I played guitar,than totally.But unless you have the bass tabs(that song doesnt even have bass I think)I couldnt use them 
One upset lad today!! 
@princessherb oh wow lucky haha  I wanna finish too ugh. o0o that's awesome how was it? was the picture you linked earlier from the show?
awww i missed desperate housewives 
I miss my baby even more now since we so far away frm each other 
upset as 
has come to realize that, even after all this time, your still the one i think about 
@beachnerbum its sad  Im so glad he is sober now!!
Can't sleep. So excited about all the places I'm going this week but I wish my hubby was coming too! 
just now leaving the library... ugh  were not even done.
@Optimus_Inc Yeah, the only thing that has helped mom is a saline spray in her nose. I think her's is caused by allergies too. No fun. 
Was soincrediblyexcited to do the Grouse grind today. Packed my shorts/jacket/water....and then checked online and it was closed  Sigh...
was looking forward to something this evening but its not going to happen. 
a day without my cellphone  I left it in Fairview 
Gonna watch the wolverine movie. Hopefully it will be awesome.  if not.  .
.. But definitely not this time.  At least she's smiling now.
doesnt feel like i have school tomorrow. rehearsal was aweful. had a bunch of fun at laurens party! misses seeing anna&amp;amanda  ilovethem!
Mixes are done. Final Exam is written, printed, and stapled. No treats were made due to the complete lack of funds.  Time to earn my keep.
@tapjazzballet45 i guess we missed you!   WELL HAVE AN AMAZING TRIP!!! WE WILL MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!
@lilivonshtupp I love that about you though. I still need to see this fantastic hair of yours. That's how long its been 
@TreenieBean hey girl!!  I'm so happy for you and the man!  We need to do some mail trade sometime!  I've been so busy with school 
@twitter Typing tweets on ubuntu/firefox-3.0.10 is very slow  looks like you are firing too many js events. Text appears after a long time
@nhulanphan thankfully I'm off tomorrow and Tuesdays but I'm still working on some projects so I'm not really off  , good luck on finals!
going to bed have to be up at 5.. not excited  goodnight!
@_spacepilot yes its now happy belated #hoppusday for me.  OMG! My iPod just randomly started playing Adam's Song for #hoppusday PERFECT!!
@djorris I know......even melissa 2  were obviously not special enough 2 get invited
@jyoonp joyce what's your pin you're not on my list anymore  but I'm sick of bb too. gayy
@STREETGODDESS1 I DID say sumthin to you!!! ....but u walked by like I wasnt even there  ...dont trip @KeishaNicole did he same thang lol
AH! Almost DONE! Finishing papers and reading for class tomorrow. Going to Miami for Grandma Maga'a's Funeral in the morning 
I'm not feeling good at all!!! I'm thinking back to my amazing week-end...it makes me sad!!! 
Going to have nightmares about all off the dying worms that Tessa &amp; I saw on our evening Pearl St walk. Saved one but there were hundreds 
had fun last night but not happy I slept with my contacts in and screwed up my eye...again 
hopes mommy is not angry at me  http://plurk.com/p/ro5fa
@Yungmarvingaye aww that's not fair  I feel so left out! Columbus sucks!
@DaRealsebastian I'm jealous 
@Eclairez_moi why are you upset? 
@donniewahlberg wanted 2 b there but had 2 come 2 oklahomas 4 a funeral  rock out bb cant wait 2 see pics
@Callie06  youll find it eventually! and if not... get a new one! its good for kell anyways
I made billy's hair look soooo good. And he didn't even like it.  Haha
Sunday Funday! &amp;its all over 
to Pondy... and unfortunately back 
@phinesiabell I would be happy with just one dm from @jordanknight, but I can't get no love   lol
@himynameisjawsh why do u hate me!? first shoot me in laser tag, pick me as lava monster, dont bring me food, make fun of me... 
@5by5forever Dang it im jealous! I want to see that 
I think I ate something in the last 24-36 hours to upset his tummy. Poor guy's been farting all day and crying terribly.  DAMN IT!
i have sunburn. how is that possible.. it wasn't even that hot today. and im tan. tan peeps don't get sunburned 
Dont ya just hate when your eye gets itchy... then you itch it... and now it hurts  On a lighter note... uhhhhh... It was sunny today?
Heading to work on a bank holiday is no fun at all 
fuck no new Heroes anymore  excited for next season to start though
Haha sorry!  wait are you or are you not going to that teen thing tomorrow? Naturi is..I talked to her after today's event...
Bigger Kindle2   How can Amazon do this? Upgrading new Kindle 2 only 3 months after launch? What about existing recent proud owners?
man im super duper full! i want my senior year body back  maybe even better than that.. im gona work for it! scouts honor!
LMAO @ the crazy @britneyspears fan that jumped on stage but DEATH @ her screaming and the mic not even being on.  @ all who paid to go.
@haygurl I was all excited to watch your new video but it won't load on my iPhone 
is not exactly thrilled that tomorrow is Monday. Had a really great weekend - except for the part where all of M's stuff got stolen 
Happy bank holiday everyone!  I have a driving lesson 
Holy crapola.  Cramming is not fun.
Tired. Very tired. Unfortunately I don't want to go to sleep. Maybe I should though. Still sick btw. 
Omg I'm miserable  considering I'm sick, sleep should be my friend... But no it hates me lol
@happyhammer66  yip!! typical bank holiday weather lol alright for some getting to sneak off early  at least i get [aid alot today 
morning all! i'm off today, so i wke up at 630! not fair 
@gnat unfortunately, I haven't got the foggiest. Sorry   @slyall made a suggestion?
@PeteMoring how are you pete moring? what u been up to? After nice sunny warm days it rained and got cold again 
is annoyed that Cincy is a Delta hub. I can never get good fares. 
I wanna move to Fl or Az. But I'm too scared to move to a place I dunno, where I dunno anyone or even what town I'd move to 
Hawaiian Culture Project not very fun 
made it happen on the golf course today...upset about the redwwings tho 
Have a fun bank holiday - I'm off to work 
(Singing) no fun. No fun. Cramming for ap gov test is no fun. 
Advil is highly overrated and very ineffective  at curing headaches  i feel even worse and kinda disoriented
@timTech Awww. No sexy downtown flat for Tim.  Maybe there will be some desperate housewives up in Cane Ridge.
@beauknows http://twitpic.com/4j6vf - aw  i miss ny! have fun!
Still a very cloudy day .. i feel depressed 
@vanessll no not even im the one who does things first then you go and do them omg 
just not feeling so wonderful right now 
@katofawesome i dont have those movies 
@soyagroupoftree i wish we got to hang out more, shaney  like, i wish you and I could go on fun field trips together. I don't mind driving
finally got to touch up my hair. woot! woot! unfortunately i had to pay this time  i miss working salon side
@JaneBurgess I can not imagine ever living that close to people again.When we are in palm desert at the condo I will be annoyed by that 
home, trying to unwind, my baby girl had her first prom  I missed it, daddy took great pictures! glad to be home, got my puppies too!!!
angry that I procrastinate all the time. time to start studying for finals 
is going to have plenty of things to be written, unfortunately it's a report, not a creative one 
@DurrtyB  so what character do u like cuz aint none funnier den Sponge Beezy LMAO
Just got home from spending an amazing day with the hubby...I have to be up in a few hours but I can't sleep 
My head hurts!  but i'm happy haha
Back in Cape Town. MTN SAMA's amazing. gr8 passion there! Sad our guys didn't hit more gongs. Idols: Sasha gr8 but Jason lost! = 
@jordan_manatee make me happy with you. 
i dropped my phone last night on the road  first time dropping it all upset coz only just realised now that it has a fair few scratches 
Morning, off to Henly May Fair today to ahve my photo taken for the Arts Trail - I do not like having my photo taken 
Amazing coffee... My sushi shop at South City is down for construction  http://bit.ly/DOwFs
BOO HOO !! i cant fricking believe we didnt get the tickets to ITALY im so pissed !!      i didnt talk all day at school..too upset !!
FedCon 2009 is over!  Was a great fun! Again 2010!!!
@ABIBAN perv. The lovin's awesome ;)  Tho we both have work today  boo
urgh long weekends are only fun when you have plans 
is not happy that it's going to cost $329 to fix the lcd screen on my laptop 
Not fun having your orphan getting through the battlegrounds, takes forever to get a flag.. 
@choadmalma Sorry  Some c&amp;h people can get a little nuts. I think someone was just white knighting me even though you had a good question
@lauraxavier SO FRICKING DEPRESSED i hardly talked at school. im SO PISSED !!   
dude if ya cant get ur money back. on the ticket or even sell it, ill send the money over. im gutted i cant go 
was supposed to go to work at 5 in the morning not 5 in the evening 
does not want to go to school tomorrow  but is excited to see the lakers play tomorrow !!
Had a wonderful weekend with my brother. I'm tired now... going zzzzz.... need to go to work tomorrow 
3AM and im not even half way done  i dont even know if i'm gunna finish on timee
Like the Rolling Stones, I'm going all night long....but not in the fun way 
4 weeks later and googlebot still hasn't indexed a website of mine  even though webmastertools gives no erros :/ hmm strange.
Did fifty miles to Fort William yesterday, was brilliant. 80 today 
@VoniaPerna Lol, uhh, no.  Was hoping this would be this evenings entertainment!
@3CB  So what do i do? The Kilo's are piling on. All the best with the bike i am jealous. 
is dismayed that Wolverine turned out so bad 
Its 2 AM, cnt sleep! Been a LONG...gonna make a even longer MoNdAy  don't wanna go 2 wrk but gotta get tht $$!!
just want 2 be funny n have a pretty profile pix n want evry1 on twitter 2 like me 
I didn't even get to watch wolverine this weekend.. so disappointing. 
@mistressmia scones! i haven't had awesome scones since my great grandmother passed away. seems the tradition was not passed on 
I just dropped off my baby at grade school for the first time and she didn't even care that I left... sniffle sniffle 
feeling somewhat depressed 
And off to bed I go. Unfortunately, I fly back to MO tomorrow.  Goodnight my tweeps!!
@cheftastic it's smells wonderful! It's probably too spicy for you, though 
@mamasvan oh good for you! I do unfortunately 
@JoyEDeasy luckyyyy. i miss you pretty lady 
Have to get up at 6:15 tomorrow for practise training   Been watching SG-A today, but went for long drive around the coast, was calming.
@ashleyrhea heyyy, i couldn't call you tonight to go out  my phone still isn't turned on. did you have fun? what are you doing tuesday?
Am still feeling poorly today. It's not fair 
is it bad that i keep going into read-only mode on twitter?  and even then, i don't spend enough time reading?
@jomanlk sniff sniff unfortunately man... im flat broke.... 
Wish I could go and see Combichrist, but I feel too old and frumpy/mom-ish.   VERY excited about the NIN/JA show, though.  Can't wait!
Extremely eventful weekend. Pity it's ended.  G'nite twitter... lots of things to do tomorrow.
Does anyone know why every time I try to login its the wrong password even after just changing it??? 
@luckygnahhh I'm sorry!  Being sick is not fun at all.  
@FilipinaPrincss Noooo...don't quit twitter or my life will be miserable not being able to read ur tweets! 
Feel like the worst mom ever! Left harv home while I was at work for 8 hours---in the dark and with no food  ! I am so upset! Bad mommy!
them flaming hot funyons got ya guhl stomache upset!... 
Is finally in bed hair looks amazing gotta look good for my dreams ;) never know who will be in them  Jermy on one knee...ok maybe not 
@CINQUE777 Man I dont even know LOL I dont know if you had to submit for it or something I missed out tho 
Anticipating the weenie roast announcement in the morning. Even though I won't be living in California to enjoy it 
http://bit.ly/sAhz5 Phiafly; im so offended u think im a made up character of a non existent PR stunt  --&quot;the lady who runs the kitchen&quot;
Best friend sms me if i've had eaten n my well being even though he's bz workin. Hw come my other half didnt do dat   Little tings li ...
Another story of my cat's awesomeness. - secondstar05: All my cat does is drool when I pat her  http://tumblr.com/x3n1pguw5
is feeling wonky and unbalanced after trying to get the water out of her ear 
 still upset abt not winning the new moon tickets i really wanted to go to italy !!    my sis (@lauraxavier) and i really wanted to go
@DavidArchie please make my day..  hope you could reply just a simple &quot;hi&quot;. i would totally be happy for the rest of the year. 
@xoMusicLoverxo I didn't even notice that. Pasta building! 
Haven't been this upset in forever 
Oldest daughter was quite upset about news piece on the opening of duck season. &quot;Why are they killing the birds we feed at the river?&quot; 
part of me is sad while the other one is happy i don't know what i want what i feel what is happening i'm lost 
Coming back from San franphsyco! Twass veryyy fun except whb I tripped over a planter and ate shit  http://yfrog.com/79viij
Just finished to read this http://tiny.cc/Kdd3z about torture. I'm quite upset 
@josh909 he is (partly) responsible for my FAVOURITE track of all time, E-Dancer - Banjo [Funk D'Void remix] Never seen him play though 
sunstroked out  yesterday took its toll. 2nd time in 6 weeks.. and thurs onwards is Indonesia. shd be fun !
@Jennif lucky you.  unfortunately they are disbanding after the current run is completed 
*yawns* going to bed to wrap up an amazing weekend!  Back to the proverbial grind tomorrow 
Statue of liberty project also not fun 
@pinkhibiscusoz I can't seem to DM you - they have me doing bookseller events in the evening  next time I hope
getting reacquainted with Firefly. An amazing television series by the master Joss Whedon! Such a shame it was cancelled 
only now are all the mosquito bites from friday showing up and jesus, they are EVERYWHERE. so itchy  my body is just miserable right now.
I'm so in love with my sexy boi craig &lt;3, had the most amazing weekend with him this weekend, only seeing him again in 2 weeks, boo hoo 
Last night's Desperate Housewives was so good.  I cried at what Gaby said to her daughter at the end. 
I also hate being upset when i know i shouldn't be  why am i so fragile?
being so bored it really isn't funny! plus my neck hurts!! 
@ylizabeth Yes, but I can't even use it yet  didnt realise I need lens to use it LOL
drying hair!work soon  desperately need a new job!
is going to miss the PAAIA event @ UCLA this coming weekend   - will try maybe to fly in on Sunday morning ( no promises Maral)!
Still in ear related agony 
Finally home! Sad to leave Anaheim &amp; LA as always though   Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy &amp; blessed bday!
Not too happy about being ill today 
@UnholyPassion oh man that's awesome!! i'm mad that it's so far from me!! 
@saba_mohtasham lack of funding means no sasquatch for me  BUT IT MEANS YOU MUST GO so that i may continue to live vicariously through you
@Orcon how about making speed faster/cheaper to offset data price increase. 2nd price rise in 9 months - I'm shopping around... Unhappy. 
in our family portrait, we look pretty happy. let's play pretend, act like it comes naturally... 
the broken spirit of an enthusiastic little girl is a sad thing indeed. damn vastness of texas!! goodnight. 
Anyone watched Wolverine? It was pretty cool even though the whole Sabretooth story line did not make sense ... 
@osimod oh, no, not again, too many doing this, they don't even know why   hold on...
I'm at work for 4 hours even though its a bank holiday   Will be home in time for the rest of the snooker though!
Awesome the sun is setting and I'm still waiting. No raid for Monnie tonight 
I wish I was still sleeping!!!!!  Bailey has eventually fallen back to sleep......I wish I could xxx
Depressed that I won't live to see human colonies outside of the solar system 
still writing the paper..i'm getting frustrated now..because now i know for a fact i'm losing sleep 
just got a weird IM from my ex i msg her back and got a even more weird IM back.. I don't know how to take it.. 
wonderful weekend up the coast with hubby.  Now back to work in the morning 
@musicmuch whaaat really? that is funny. sorry that i took your dream from you.. 
It's not that I can't sleep... It's that I keep waking myself up coughing/not breathing. THIS IS NOT HAPPY. 
eating hotdog covered in hot sauce isnt fun   HAHA
can't believe its raining again  not fair. Gotta stay in now.
have a very sore throat after mcfly last night. amazing night though. my skirt fell down 
@dougleavers ok geez doug.. i just got your twitter. nope didnt work tonight unfortunately 
Puking is not fun.. 
is off to work on this back holiday Monday   thank god the weather is pants or I'd of been even more unhappy bout it!
Downside too being up all night is all the infomercials. Watched one for some door Pullup thing, my fat ass can't even do a pullup 
going to bed after a long evening looking for my broken mini disk recorder.   Still didn't find it.
Throbbing headache, man. Extremely excruciating  No Coldplay songs will help, unfortunately. *sigh* I'm gonna continue writing nonetheless
And no, it's not spam. It's my latest project! Unfortunately I'm not selecting the winners so you won't get preferential treatment. 
@natalietran omigosh, thats why i dint even bother applyin to UNSW  the help line was totally, amazingly.... hostile
going to sleep. thinking about her. i can hear my neighbors baby crying like an idiot. and sarah made fun of me for having twitter today. 
Hoped to spend time at allotment on my own to de-stress after last 2 days then be joined by family for the Mayday event, but it's raining 
Evening of DIY means my hands hurt! These paper pushing hands aren't used to hard graft anymore. 
have the flu... not happy jan!!!! I just missed a day at Uni great 
I can't calm down enough to want to go to sleep.  
it's raining here  i'm stuck inside working today so i'd probably be peed off if it was sunny outside, i'm now ok with the rain 
Thanks to Molly she has ruined a great day out that would have been so fun aswell      
Had a seriously fun Wappu weekend with a lot of action. Just quite tired now 
@bgarrett1960 Darn it I missed all the fun again  lol
@KeyNotez aw.. i don't even have aim.. sorry 
@Makebarox unfortunately I'm settling for Mel's Diner..... Maybe next time..... 
MyCardboardLife.com 100% Operational again! Server transferring close to complete. Unrehearsed Riot will have down time tomorrow. Sorry. 
mcfly show last night was awesome ... i have such a sore throat now ... and a little disappointed with my pictures  ... but it was sti ...
I was born to criticize. 
@annyo84 Annalisa, I'm so excited, too! Of course my system completely shut down on me too this morning LOL I'm moving like an old goat. 
@xtopgunx i'm not even sleeping, fgt.. i'd come cuddle with you, but you locked the door. 
@d0ink even if they had wanted to now.. no more blood in this piece of stone..  heh.
@AussieKatieKat but it's such a pretty getup! did you enjoy the #pawparty? My people were doing people stuff... 
tired now... really missed having a real weekend. Honeybun must be even more tired as she is still at work with no eta of finish! 
getting ready for workk! working bank holiday monday  how fun..
its so much more fun having your xbox in your room. you can play as late as you want. playing skate! but i wish i had streetfighter  HAAH
What a night we had! I'm on detox from now on... We even took candles into a cemetrey! Lol nothing happened though  now off to buy Glamour
Back in Dublin and off to work in Google hq even though it's a bank holiday 
fun weekend..dads 50th bday party, angie time..bad part..J5 losing and not being able to play..having to go back to work tomorrow 
Low carb diet is a go. Hopefully that means about 6 weeks till surgery if all goes well. My tummy isn't too thrilled tho 
I missed the A R Rahman Jai Ho show in Kozhikode...  no words to describe how i would have enjoyed (
@tommcfly  Why do they say such things   Ruined my happy night. Don't like people D:
Going on with my Java Application for school eventhough Java is definitely not my BFF 
me 10 - 630, andrew 8 - 4. No idea about the rest, I think it was Ben and Princeton which could be fun  lol I'm going to be late 
is finally done with studio but now have the worst cold ever  so i can't even enjoy my free time...wish i was home so mom could help me
Whyyyyyy did I develop a severe case of insomnia the past 2 nights?? ...exhausted, totally miserable, and hating my allergies 
I have to go to this stupid information evening for school. Really not excited 
i'm wondering just how long migraines last, and how comes this one is just not letting up even after pain meds 
Whiplash is not being eased by anything....not even the pain killers are knocking me out tonight 
wow, #caprica is amazing; stylish, serious sci-fi; gutted about the wait to release as a series now 
has a dull but necessary day ahead of her, of essay and SM (or now that i have been officially demoted, DSM  ) paperwork! fun...
&quot;Good&quot; morning but what's good about it? It's a typical Bank Holiday in the North of England..dull, damp &amp; miserable, booo!! 
im home. todays school was pointless, but fun! im pretty tired. i shouldve sleep earlier yesterday 
@clocsen That won't be necessary, thank you, unfortunately you can get all you want here in the streets. 
@RoxyValkyrie Reviewing - Was posted on the SIG, it's volunteer. Is RF2 on ps2/wii/pc? If not I can't play it  . But I bet it's fun 
welcome to another sunny bank holiday 
@jjimenezd yeah i realize latter. Did you enjoy last night? My bus arrives al eleven o'clock and i stay with my sister... 
is unfortunately going to miss out on watching Barcelona versus Chelsea. 
I was so so so excited to see a new Zero Punctuation in my RSS reader, only to remember that their RSS sucks 
haha did you even know i was going out with ryan?  well i dumped him and he dident take it so well 
@chris_alexander Yeah, unfortunately I'll need 80% of it on day 1 
@DannyGirlAlways Eventhough in his first scene Donnie got punched in the face 
Hell Yeah!!!!!!!!! im still upset that the concert sold out in like 15 minutes  huge venue too! ? http://blip.fm/~5jeaj
Blergh.. Shit day. Shit people. Shit food. Stuck inside the shit office and didn't even go outside all day 
@Lastoadri let's hope retirement is even an option.. his predecessors didn't take it.. 
@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/4jam0 - ohw  but you had fun, right? it's always sad to leave, but if you have beautiful memories, it's  ...
so exhausted.. long week and its only monday. Heading down to Invercargill tomorrow for Nannas funeral 
@kindlejunkie Oh, we were being oh so impolitic. He even outed us to our political hashtag group, p2. He said I was very un-progressive. 
@Wossy i didn't no you were playing tennis! you didn't even say good morning to me  well never mind i love you (this is honey)
is enjoying, toast, coffe &amp; eggs in the morning, but is not feeling to good 
I've given my students the evening off as it's Bank Holiday - some of the other lecturers haven't  shame
Its a real shame that its not nice and sunny outside, it would of been nice to have another BBQ  NVM.... 
Dave Chapelle is awesome but the show was 4.5 hrs long. 5 hrs of sleep 
@creamymiddles I am so freaking jealous 
It's raining heavyly. What a fantastic day... 
http://tinyurl.com/c4j5uh - Upsetting video fan jumps on stage with britney!  if i ever see that boy!  x love u britney!
I am so so sad...I keep updating this even though i have no followers 
@ccake Sorry for not saying bye to you guys. I was busy on XBOX and didnt even hear you guys leave. Sorry  Hugs
@foreignresident  but if you're dead who will be my awesome One Piece buddy??
Wish I could still be in bed.  Nice thing: Half wit 24.5 million watchers vs. Joy 13.15 million watchers. Interesting thing, Mr. Shore! x[
@ctham #awaresg You are not wrong. But from a my own male point of view, I felt excluded (even with 1 non-reply) from the threads in here 
@RichardMajor86 So jealous of your fun day. I wish I lived closer 
upset and NOT IN THE MOOD 
tweetland sorry for all those negative tweets... bad of me. phone is totally gone. I will HAVE to get a new one like now.  such as life.
@some_nikki_kid Its sad ay lol so depressing  it seems like we're leaving even earlier every day!!
@hollyalyxfinch  Hey v v happy birthday to you! I'd sing you a song to perk you up but well.....I can't sing nicely  have a good 
Is depressed Jason Stathem wasted an hour and a half of my life tonight............  For sham 
just found out it's Star Wars day. May the 4th be with you. mwa hahaha. (i found it funny 
@KiwiMcI why is it always so rubbish on a bank holiday  when I was younger they always seemed sunny
feels depressed suddenly. Dunno why 
Why must amazing things happen with Bf when Im sleeping 
@SBaddison7 DOHHHHH... GOSH that sounds good right now, even though it's 2:24 A.M. (LOL).. but I didn't eat dinner last night, either! 
@sexisfuncoochie hey coochie...that site does not appear to iphone 
Definitely happy to be on my way home.   It's been a long day but unfortunately uni work demands attention 
@Rove1974 ahh rove is funny, but true. anyway. dinner done, study now? 
is not enjoying cooking anymore..in fact I'm not enjoying much lately..feel a bit down again..maybe because I have to work again 
@amazingphoebe call kayla first, i'll give you a call after, cos i need to do some homework, sorry 
Can't sleep. Sooo stoked about 311 tonight. Just wish I didn't feel like crap so I could fully enjoy myself.  
Ois proud of herself and wishes a certain somebody else was too 
She didn't even eat all the bacon 
@chelsea_playboy I WANT BAND PRAC TOO! mom jsut asked where you were  double fun next wek. howd yerr hair tun outt?
@posh_josh49 i'm glad!! i think i have pig flu now though.. i'm breaking out in rashers... 
I have so many song ideas that I feel like my mind is gonna explode!.. I can't even write a song! There's just 2 much going on 
@taylorswift13 I'm so upset I can't see you in concert  ah well. some other time.
Computer making funny noises ... damn 
night sooooo tired! still funky mood 
@Tittch Don't I just... BTW I'm jealous of @moonshayde 
@Sezzajay Yes..mainly ,well for the most part.just felt real  for Hanz!But yeah it was great to cya!Did you enjoy your self? x
@HellenBach Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, very jealous 
i'm not very good at updating my twitter  even though i have nothing else to do with my time...
http://twitpic.com/4jblq - yum yum yum... in my tum... and then it goes to my bum... which isnt much fun! 
Miserable weather  x
@LuvableSole LOL i know  dammit! i even waited like a forever to see it again.. now im all caught up and ... I CANT TAKE IT! LMAO
@All_Sparks D'OH!   anyway we're happy to know that you're coming back.
@Tomi_ chest and bi's was the go in prairewood tonight.. Mez &amp; rosso tomorrow, kinda upset can't go gym 
happy Bank holiday! BBQ tonight, should probably do some work today 
Working! even on a bank holiday 
had so much fun today !  thanks guys. \/ || bettina left for europe todayy. 
Woke up @ 2am last night SIIIIIIIICK. After an hour or so, Indian food finally gave up the ghost. Not fun.  Just glad wasn't the IUD...
dude if ya cant get ur money back. on the ticket or even sell it, ill send the money over. im gutted i cant go 
The dogs have eaten an entire loaf of bread &amp; a tube of tomato puree. They are now full of carbs &amp; sugar, which is obviously brilliant 
@AngelaPinjuh thank you! You're so sweet, I'm excited under the green screen of naseau  will be more excited in a few weeks when not sick
@iModel  Nevermind, you dont have to, im not desperate hahah.. susie called me a nutcase  
I know that I'll never meet anyone quite like her, and I can't move on beacause no one compares. It just leads to me Bren angry at myself 
I know that I'll never meet anyone quite like her, and I can't move on beacause no one compares. It just leads to me been angry at myself 
just woke up from a dream that I was at some food tasting event and ended up eatn something full of pork-ughhhh  now I can't go back 2 sle
boooo to miserable bank holiday weather 
strike that feel absolutely terrible...  got loads 2 do n i feel ridiculously shit. this aint even funny 
All in all an epic weekend. Still exhausted and my legs are about to fall off, but brilliant fun all the same. Except for a tick bite 
@mikefoong be thankful lah... I have to work hard to keep met high.. Spinning classes, gym, running, golf, jeez... how will I ever work 
I feel like ive been hit by a tonne of bricks. really upset all of a sudden. 
@x_tara stupid tomm!! hahaha. oh man! I don't even eat cereal so I know I don't have anyy 
@chuckdarw1n brilliant! hope Twitter-groupiness isn't annoying! 
Dear blip.up please come back. I can't post half the songs I want  And a lot of them are awesome.
Oh...I liked having facial hair...I could have fun disguising myself...back to the old fashioned way of fake nose and glasses 
it's over now  BUT IT WAS SOOOO MUCH FUN! thanks ya'll!
My dad keep doin' that without any regret ya kno. and he even text me to be in his side . Poor my mom . Geez FML ! 
@matthewgow jealous  just love Bodrum!
@stephenfry How dare you hunt down those cut little ewoks!!! I am most upset Stephen 
@yohanik Glad its warm in India - it should be really, shouldn't it? will use imagination ;) @princessbutterc - just put my heat on!!! 
Is enjoying his birthday/bank holiday time off work.....don't send me back tomorrow 
Going to bed at 3am. Planning an orgy at the house in 2 weeks. 3 roommates and 3 guys, this should be fun. Sleeping alone 2nite  Shame.
@taylorswift13 I'm bored  amuse me with your awesome sense of humor  (arachnophobia is a horrible disease)!! Jk LOL I have it 2 !! &lt;3
never made it to the gym or to shred  why do I even bother  to try every morning?
@violetbakes I would love to bring him over for a swim with your dogs but, unfortunately Have no transport 
listening to Cassie Steele ... How Much For Happy .... rainy days 
@Arnibella I only had to read it and it made me feel terrible...I can't bear animal cruelty. I  won't even watch the video 
it so not happy it's raining on a bank holiday 
So depressed right now. 
@tinyscarecrows  Me too. They're fantastic creatures.
it's rainining....    was all nice and sunny yesterday, but now it's awful... bring on summer, like, now!!!
Maybe I'm just bitter, but I'm beginning to find following celebs tweets depressing - when all I do is work all the time. 
monday holidays rock. productivity has been nil though. and i've got to stop breaking my glasses! two in a mth is a bit much, even for me 
am very jealous of all you having a lay in this bank hol, ive been at work since 7 
first time updating twitter in agessss  nothing new tobe fair  same old same old.
@coollike its starwarsday???  when when did this happen ... im from australia!!! we are aalways the last to get everything  even toy story
@amazingphoebe read it from my point of view. you did. it doesn't matter. i'll talk to you later or something, i miss you though 
currently rather frustrated, flipping mother is annoying (i was good and said flip instead of swearing ) and mediaconverter not working 
@TheYoungDiva aww i'd like to join as if i like theater but unfortunately i don't 
@alexiszlamal $200 HOLYBAJIBUS, the helmet probs made of gold! can u send me the url even though it ended. yeah someone unfollowed 23-22 
@amazingphoebe you tell me not to take my bad moods on you, but you just did then?  oh well, it doesn't matter 
@HIstapleface  oh that sux   youu should get lotsa funny for ur bday =D altho that may be a bit late, so make everyone give it to u early!
It's also very frustrating that I miss out on such amazing posts. 
HAPPY STAR WARS DAYYY ! i love youu  D2  R.I.P 
just strained my back taking my shoes off.  How is that even possible? *grimaces* ow ow ow ow ow 
Oh I hate Mondays!!!   And I'm not even working today!!!  Mondays are generally depressing!!! 
@amazingphoebe why are you jumpy? :/  oh well, you're not stupid, but you're right, it doesn't matter  don't be sorry, no point 
tomorrowevening, 8pm the concert of Enrique Iglesiasss!!!  the weather is great again today and im preparing to make homework.. great.. 
@samebutdiffrnt nooooo i dont want to go to school  i had a month holidays and am happy to stay in holiday mode forever!
Bank holiday weekend, been sunny 4 days in a row. Holiday Monday? Rain of course. 
@scottcampb Funny that ... must be oh, a Bank Holiday. 
@meenususanna It seems to be awesome! There goes more money down the drain. 
gotta get ready to go to the office   Not looking forward to being contained in my cubicle after such a wonderful weekend
i miss you duy so much. seeing him today made me happy and extremely sad  one year until you're out. i'll be waiting!&lt;3
Urrgghh... You can't IMAGINE how pathetic I am right now! Even I think I'm pathetic 
@theAsianparent They shouldn't even get married in the first place  But ppl feel trapped by societal pressure... sigh..
@juliecj Cheshire is grey n miserable 
Even iPhone doesn't like going south of Thames 
WHAT?! dang 2 of my followers left me  so upsetting. why did they leave? arent i good enough for them? gee wiz. lol
@simplyKATEY i wish i did. i want a pair soooo badly. D: i don't think they even sell them now.. 
@jakehh  im not even watching it, taping it &amp; watching GoodNewsWeek, ahh well. still all fun
This is the hardest story I've ever told,This is the way u left me, I'm nt pretendin.No Happy Endin. live the rest of our life, not 2geda 
My eye is swollen, i don't feel good  i slept like shit, and now i get to spend eight hours staring at fungus, when all i want is my bed 
If drinking was an olympic sport... I'd have done Ireland proud this weekend... I want to cry i'm so hungover. 
SSSOOOOO SAD TODAY THE MACY'S SALE ENDS  I ENJOYED RAPING THEM ALL WEEKEND) 90.00 SHOES TO 60.00? THE BEST FEELING BETTER THAN SEX
@kristafromsyd I KNOW alrdy! lol. stp rubbin it in  im sad that i didnt get 2 C them again.yet im happy that i @ lest saw 1/4 of something
becoming hopeless due to incomplete task in PaGaLGuY placement challenge 
Joys of tweeting from a conference have not been mine. Coming with non-US setup is complicated.  Will try new tactics today. #stc09
frustrated as none of her pics will upload onto twitter 
Got absolutely Kasteeled last night. Now I have the hangover suited to such an event....owwwww 
Is ecstatic about another revision fuelled day 
Back in the library once again, all the shops are shut so can't even buy a drink 
Thinking of going to the gym with my Boy to make him run harder. Then we're off out tonight for a fun night. Other than that homework 
: kilimanjaro fundraiser climb seems unlikely, another brother has dropped out 
Case in point: even though I took care to save, sumo lost all of my updates since the last time I logged in. All changes are just.. gone. 
is way off her game today &amp; not feeling that at all...and it's not even 7am yet! 
Getting ready for work... I feel like I didn't even get a day off 
wheeey mcfly was AMAAZING,both times  actually so fun,my voice is gone now though 
@Offishal1 Hey there and HELL NO!! 50% unfortunately at 18% thnx for the wishful thinking tho 
How is one to survive on coffee without sweeteners?!  However, I try... maybe caffeine's more potent bitter.
Good morning tweeters. I look like shit today.  i'm glad it's not tuesday today.
Ah, i've got the flu (not swine or anything just normal stuff). Not very fun  It just crept up on me too, no warning. Wah! 
does not enjoy doing assignments  blahhhhhhhh
Throbbing headache and in desperate need of seeing my baby!  Meh.
I'm so sorry to hear about what happened to Adam Cook. I will be praying for them. I hope the family finds strength even in these times 
good morning @patita its evening here in Australia and I dont like Mondays  ? http://blip.fm/~5jikw
fair sick and tired...  mehhhhhh
@JoeMacRocks Aw, well enjoy your day! I'm working tonight 
atlanta sucks im going back to california for good  maybe miami for good just get me away from this  im sad n depressed this morning 
Riding with joel even though he's mad at me  SAD
this rain wasn't meant to arrive until this evening 
Missed Chris Cornell, missed Seal.  I need some fun!
@terencewhiteNZ am in your faire city tues/weds for site visits, but prob not your building 
@joycemercedes reminds me, I still have work to do.  Dam.
Hate to be on a downer but Feeling Sad/disappointed/annoyed/upset/regretful 
@michellebranch More fun, faster the time goes 
@Jrny2Past Kia!!! have a safe flight. lex n i will miss you  have fun in korea and stay out of trouble. love ya!
Morning twittz....what a wonderful monday morning 
@artistinthewild You insist on making me jealous. I think I'm the only person in Alaska who hasn't been to Hawaii. 
desperately wants an iPhone... 
@Amzieebbz aww, i had to do that a few weeks ago, didn't enjoy it very much,  lmao. lol, :L x
@amazingphoebe you just did phoebe lolol hang on a sec 
i've woken up with the biggest earache in the world. not fun 
has an upset tummy 
Another day another dollar. Let's get it. In the mean time I'm thankful I got 2 wrk safe in this rain. Gona b like this all week 
I'm kinda jealous that my boyfriend gets to have a summer, doesn't have to wake up early, or has to go to work ...  not fair at all
@ladydani86 I am very very sorry sayang... Pls dun be upset wif me... 
@amazingphoebe told him to leave you alone D: i told him too kiddo 
Global Dance Convention 09! so fun and hard advanced was really challenging, but i still got threw it they were all big kids in advanced 
@M00M00: Oh really? I'm so jealous. I couldn't get to any of his concerts 
srub the sunny. By sunny I meant clouding over with a good chance of rain. No BBQ for Adam this weekend 
@tabi7 ha! Not watching cheaters I think its dumb...but he loves it...he thinks its the funniest thing ever 
Is hopeless 
@ThatKevinSmith oilers are fun to watch  lotta young talent. but PHX? theyre now run by the league, will probably end up moving 
@finterface Hey jo! Only just noticed you'd signed up...Hope you enjoying the May bank holiday. Shame the weather is pants... boo 
@Sarah_x_ATL betch. no fair 
@xxjessica I am soooo jealous!!! I miss Kelly 
@JackPierce LOL no no no where even near that but just looked on the website and its gone 
Not very sunny here today.  So no laying in the warmth of the sun and sleeping for me!!! Think the family is planning a trip out in car??
@aplusk Unfortunately that link is too complicated for me to understand 
is using twitter for the first time ever and has had a very upsetting weekend 
And so the day begins...i already broke my car key...its gonna be a long and unhappy day  wish me luck
@Sparkie89 be quiet you! This is quality entertainment! I have to go out soon which I'm very upset about 
is really really not a happy bunny 
oh no, lots of dissertation corrections to make by the looks of it. and havent even got past the title page 
At school on senior skip day. My teacher isn't even here. 
dude if ya cant get ur money back. on the ticket or even sell it, ill send the money over. im gutted i cant go 
had an awesome Wappu and now trying to study maths and failing hard at it 
If u have ever been rejected in your life(haha have'nt we all) take heart..at least it was'nt a public affair  http://bit.ly/zjn4e
sent out e-mails about the Greyhound adoption and is waiting for answers. And unfortunately, received only 2 negative answers so far 
happy monday all. rainy and miserable here 
@danny200333 WTF!! haha wel im glad it went well, im so nurvous for all my exmas i have 14 arrrr scary. plus i havent quite revised yet 
@Willie_Day26 Im happy the weather is nice there cus her in jersey it rainin  crappy ass day ill tell u
Asked to come in early to work since they were short staffed. Told I'd leave at 6am, got off 7:15am. 9 hrs, no break, no lunch. Annoyed. 
@amazingphoebe you're not oblivious, i just never show it, not like, when it's over something silly  i want you too kiddo 
@justjaz Hehe, yeah I guess that's the thing about enjoying your work. It's a rather fine line between work and play. 
Taken the kids to the bus stop man i feel so depressed and sad today 
@Ottimisvico Doesn't sound pleasant. Kinda sounds like a squashed nerve or something. Glad it's feeling a bit better now 
Fuuuck epic headache. Nurofens not even touching it!  Think I might get a checkup tomorrow... Been happening a bit lately! :S
Turned out... Monday isn't happy at all.... Sometimes i really hate my work.... 
fuck you marketing report, i'm going to get you finished even if it takes me all night.  which it will 
I'm jealous of you people and your food-smelling. 
plz leave me alone porn spammers, I get all excited to see that I have new followers and it's always you 
SOOOOO BORED!!!!  Waiting for my sister and niece to come to my house. My mum is also ill so im even more bored!!!  I need Cheering up.xxx
@lilcoastergnome awwwwww.   Happy belated birthday!!
Struggling with exception handling within our new multi-warehouse functionality - Stuck in a test-lab with un-openable windows and no AC 
 today is the day and i enough know if i should be happy they getting pulled or sad im going to be in pain
Gloomy day here  I know that we need the rain, but it doesn't mean I have to like it.
I remembered how to turn my brain off and go on revision-autopilot. Amazing weekend, but now I won't be out until after exam period  x
@ladystacy - Awww. Now I feel bad.  - *hands over piles of sympathy* - even? &lt;3
I keep getting excited that people are following me on twitter and they turn out to be spam bots. 
@drupeek That's so awesome, I am quite envious of you. 
@courosa can't even see the video of your keynote on campus. sth. blocked? 1st time for a stream. 
@incaseyoucare LOL i'm still jealous over here with my measly two days 
@cort1268 I'm jealous I haven't been in a few years parents have a boat just stopped going 
Mad at myself: One false variable - The whole price-demand-function / PAF is wrong! AAAAAHH! 
Really wish I had a license for Linotype FontExplorer X. Seems like really awesome software 
@FunkyKiwi not possible right now  won't able to go to slee until late night.
@adamshore glad you are okay but poor poor fight trail  those pics are nutso! you can't barely recognize it!
Has art exam from 9-12.30 tomorrow  dont even want to do it LOL thats only the first outta 4 art exams 
I forgot the funeral is the day after the wake  Was up early (asleep around 3:00) writing blog posts', emailing start-ups.
Gettin ready for work  no fun
Currently reading http://bit.ly/VU76D and loving it! I wish I got to travel more so I could post a picture of my bag contents 
@Rhonddalad yeah hun it was a good night  my ankile is even more fucked now tho 
@whispher     I see you are going to make this a challenge..COOL..ill work for it..So how is ur day wonderful....
@SUNSFAN4LIFE nah I leave today  flight at 12:30, not happy
I'm up! unfortunately...study time 
This weekend is rather boring compared to the excitement of a fun filled Friday night 
so tired. the world is a different (not happy) place when i'm this tired. 
All nighter leads to sending 85% of my project off to my committee with an upbeat, optimistic email. Sometimes the bear gets you, etc. 
It's a gloomy day...and I am at work... 
is excited about her holiday with @xkiss  &lt;3   bank holiday weather sucks 
Struggling my way through Anne Enright's &quot;The Gathering&quot;.  Do not love it or even like it as much as expected 
@BaltimoreTom I missed last Vegas trip because I had the flu.  But I've been to Miami &amp; Orlando, so I guess you can still be jealous. ;-)
@human_beans I had that last week...it was awesome. 5 days this week.  
@menegurl i am, unfortunately.  need to go anorexic again. as soon as i'm done with exams.
not to happy about the rain 
I HATE THIS. Its a drag. Hate busfairs, 10h busfairs. YEIKS 
4th slam day in a row......upset that I have to PVR 24 tonight.  Not too happy just want to sleep 
just got up to a miserable looking day 
@Lynne90 you are the luckiest person of life- I am SO incredibly jealous, I can't even lie 
long, yet wonderful, weekend made for a short night!  feeling it 2day &amp; thinking i will all week bc this week is moving week  so much 2 do
Happy monday! Just kidding! Its more like a dredded monday morning!  ~*Cricket*~
Just another a manic Monday...wish it were a Sunday cause thats my fun day, an I dont have to run day, just another manic Monday. 
doing my H&amp;B assignments.. oh the joy of theory 
I hate being sick and missing school. Why? Because its so amazingly BORING all by yourself.   &amp;peace.
back to work, would rather be enjoying the sun but i will be stuck inside all day 
yesterdays kickoff mimosa brunch at #beaconHotel was AMAZING. so much fun... too bad i was too hung over to drink that much! 
@preetishenoy Absolutely!..And this time even more so..Its been hotter than ever before in Delhi..Temp broke long time records too 
fell over in Blackpool yesterday, messed up my knee, ripped my new jeans and hurt my ankle  not happy.
@brandyjaggers oh Hardees biscuits are amazing. Now I'm craving one (and there is NO fast food anywhere near here). 
My new i7 desktop computer won't boot  I took it back to the store yesterday and it booted. Now it won't boot again. Not even a beep!
@cassowaryjewel no, it's normal morning feeling, &amp; possibly a little more... i feel icky...  am in ofc anyway...
mayor meltdown @ work 2day. Left and pretty sure I wont return  need a break from everyone and everything. Wanna b happy again..thats all!
@katsumayao i know right! i kinda get why it's fun now. but if you aren't talking to anyone that makes you a loser talking to yourself. 
@RyanSeacrest I can understand that!!!  Though not even coffee helped today  Hope you have a better Monday than I did ;)
@EllennnM yes it cost $37 per ticket!! i couldnt even get 2 with my voucher 
another day of fun filled c/w XD.... 
ii had fun [ii]N kemah...now bakk to reality 
being hungover in class is not fun 
@Javamomma i know! It was supposed to be a week!!!  im so upset about it!
demi i love u but i'm so jealous u get to hang with all my fave bands and be their bff 
ohh it started to raing  no fair i hate rain but owell at least no touch footy at school lol mabye
Totally unfair that Dunkin' Donuts doesn't deliver. 
She's so upsetimg me uh I'm on the bus on the way to the field trip 
Im ready for wonderful day! I don't like that its gloomy outside 
@lishyB unfortunately not  i wanna shop!
@JonKehoe Unfortunately I was spoiled. :/ Really didn't mean to be, but Whedonesque had news about him being on Dollhouse so I read it. 
wants to play some fifa but has to do essays  no fun
@Ginaii very true... but i still managed to wake up, even before i needed to  i should still be sleeping...
@MsMagic Glad you are home today forgot you were going out tonight tho so still wont see you 
Had an amazing weekend in upstate NY... back to another week in the office    these weekends are wayyyy to short!
@patttyjonas i didn't even get that dark! i spent four hours in the sun too! 
@dougiemcfly  Jealous! I want one 
@dark_jayy aww yuck  well im gonna hit the sack now. happy assignmenting (: see you tomorrow?
long, yet wonderful, weekend made for a short night! feeling it 2day &amp; thinking i will all week bc this week is moving week  so much 2 do
@nicktionary I've got the TD levels really well balanced thanks to @KyeLani but always run out for at least 5 minutes 
wishing i was still asleep!! No fair it was such a wonderful dream too!!! 
enjoying the last day of the longest holiday ive had since leaving school 
@DonnaD2009 Journalism...really enjoy it, but not so much at the min with exams! 
@adamshanfield i wish that we were  i vote lets go tonight - i'll help you pack! [happy monday...]
Jumped right into taking photos of coworkers this morning. Couldn't even finish breakfast first 
Being put in back booth at #McDonald's = ability to twitter all day = happy @wisguy.. Unfortch, won't happen today 
Worst night sleep ever. I felt like I wasn't even sleeping. And my neck is killing me.  Fuck class. I don't want to get the swine.
is in the animation studio, doing her IMM blogpost. Missed Amazing Race tonight 
Enraged that my Mum won 2 VIP tckts, to see Foy Vance tonight in Belfast, and didn't have me as her +1. Jealous much? 
@Funmi_Osiyale I want to see 17 again 
@dougiemcfly i am so jealous of my friends, 3 of them have gotten a reply from you or tom...i feel left out   anyways, performing tonight?
@iluvjbonly awesome!!! I love guitar... But I can't play it... 
@taylorswift13 i'm upset  i wanted to see you but my parents wouldn't let me. :/
I want the sun to come out!  Why does it seem like it's gloomy all the time   come on God South K.C. needs and wants some SUN!
@rach_har You have no idea how much I wanna come back. It could not be SOON ENOUGH! ( tempted to even pack my PS2, but it's still early  )
but the good thing was, i had an amazing luch with my girlfriends!!and now i have to do homework for the whole day 
Cold wind at the fair but daughter and I were daredevils on the dodgems so worth braving - not sure about the hotdogs tho time will tell 
Watching Doctor Who marathon, SciFi channel-brilliant! Will b sad to see Tennant leave   #1 Doctor, Eccleston right behind
@barbsrad Tried it all barbs - no joy, dead infected nerve FTL 
@followtroy not fair...you have the same amount of followers as me 
hates @internet @explrer (angry)(angry) **but no choice**  http://plurk.com/p/rqqi5
had an absolutely amazing weekend but now stuck in babbage doing work 
wtching my parents packing their stuff.. see, ds is what makes me so sad nd miserable 4 having summer classes. 
in the office on a rainy monday is not fun 
Its that wonderful time of the day when my webhost decides that eh, it doesn't need to work so much.  
Loads of uni work to do in such a little amount of time  Boo! I need to do something fun to take my mind of it!!! prob not for the best!
@jehan_ara And I missed another good event this week... 
rode our bikes for two hours during the Lincoln marathon yesterday.  It was amazing.  However today, it hurts to sit down.  
yeah im so excited ( NOT! ) i get to work out today..... great cant wait 
doing assignment, preparing for the final exam.. this week gonna be &quot;so much FUN&quot; hahahaa 
srsly i fail so much i am so annoyed with myself.  i need to get better at that.
Oh joy I've to open the changing rooms tomorow  well maybe it will let me catch up on my Reading at least 
at worthy park : theres no fair 
is glad her running partner was impressed with todays performance - even if he is in Mumbia  
watching Amazing Race replay...(sad episode) 
Death is inevitable even to a 5-year old kid... 
@lilmissfootyfan lol, I didn't even DO anything to it. It's just ridic swollen and sore and I have no idea why. It just gave way 
i wasnt even aware of a star wars day...and here i thought i was a true fan 
I am totally envious of tayane's height.. 
Trying really hard to get my chinese essay done.. desperately in need of a chinese translator... 
Why so much rain?!?!  Such a gloomy Monday!
@darrendoyle Well I watched it in a Munster pub   Not happy about the Blues not getting through. And I missed the game 
I am totally envious of tayane's height.. 
@faeyakof not even mileage keluar, whatmore allowance  lapar wallet ku. sighh. delay banarrr bank ani.
@totallyamazing Hope you get better. I don't have my phone with me. 
Glad the cranky rent lady was actually friendly this morning ... I'd still like to keep my rent money though 
and when you think about things like that with ASF people wonder why I get a headache with #eventtrack filtering keywords 
I am totally envious of tayane's height.. 
Slept two hours. Couldn't shut my brain off. On my tough final and I can't even think 
@MsHarker sounds like fun 
Is getting abuse over texts from nicola!  it's not fair, i'm only helping her with english!
Getting so frustrated.  God, I need a vacation... 
@scottfreeman_ I must say I'm jealous. 
man, i have a massive headache today... no fun 
Morning!! Im off to work on this blah day....kinda upset,,,gonna miss tales from the darkside all day marathon  |sigh| Lata!
@adamandeve you didnt meet me and i'm awesome too..wait! i'm beyond awesome. 
taking Baba out! Happy Birthday Gido 
Good Morning. At home and wishing Frank DeCaro Happy Birthday. Raining in Chambersburg Pa today.  
this is NOW the worst momemt of my day...not at all a happy camper right now 
Being mad at myself! I want to go to her concert so badly but when she's here I'm on bloody Fuerteventura  I want to go to Lady Gaga!!
Ugh!  9 am but feels like 5 am ... thankfully B left me coffee ... thanks B   xox
@ work Organising the stationery cupboard; it's quite rewarding until they mess it all up  I think I need this weekend to be sober &amp; calm.
@becca_bean is it allergies? or a bad day on the way  so far my allergies haven't affected me - I'm so grateful!
@ch13 Hi there, I tried to find one for you here in BS, unfortunately no luck.  How often does a new release come out?
I got SO excited for this phone coming today. Problem? I'm working 12-4 and 4:30 till whenever. I'm not even gonna get it till tonight 
@GaelicHero People take themselves too seriously. I totally appreciate their sacrifice, but that wasn't about them AT ALL. It was fun. 
mmm getting your blood taken doesn't make you feel too good. Not very excited about this medicine.  anna come home!
Stevenage look destined for another season in the Conference       But it ain't over till the fat lady sings...hope springs eternal...
@ktdv1 I agree that a machine is everything, it's the tool you use, I'm just a bit envious.  I've got nice monitors at home, not at work 
Its like a sand storm at krishi bhavan metro station... Cant even find an auto. 
@amigastu I'm only jealous. 1.5 HD channels for me! 
is going to have a non-fun filled day at class 
@miznyx Oh, it was fun, and the brass was neat ... but so far no gold coins or gold bars! Heck, we'd settle for silver coins and bars 
@fairywings1981 stayed the same  you can always just come next week and i'll remind u 
One of my friends used to be really interesting and funny and stuff, but now they're just annoying. it's so sad when friends fall apart. 
@Daradus I think I have a WoW addiction brewing even though I don't have it... 
I wish i lived in LA instead of grey gloomy Britain 
Didnt go to the fair  friends didnt call on me  oh typical !! &gt;
Camping was awesome! Time for school 
moved stuff over the weekend, didn't get to goto the Ren Fair  watched The Big lebowski again now if only internet would get here faster
@CHRISDJMOYLES Grrrrr how far did you run, im jealous i wish i had the will power but im sooooo unfit right now 
@ayat you can say it's the evening here 
this thing? I dont even tweet that much. Do I? I am now painting my nails *black* and listening to Blink. Ugh... I have a huge headache. 
Listening to @fatbellybella on pandora radio and upset that the video footage of jazz in the gardens got deleted off the camera 
3 finals this week  But Andrew is here, so I am happy.
Today I had to block 5 women  I'm really NOT interested in dates with women *lol* I'm married and I'm happy with the man I have *lol*
Haha I burnt the roof of my mouth on AWESOME chili during the Caps game on Saturday - now it hurts to drink my coffee 
@drewmillikin Can you push some of that weather down our way? It's gloomy &amp; rainy here today &amp; tomorrow &amp; I have @fjgaylor here! 
Today is An Event Apart with @zeldman and posse no tickets though  costs An Arm an ALeg
i just had the most AMAZING american breakfast ever. I don't want to have to leave  i wish we could stay till after friday.
it's going to be a quiet day w/o @heatherjoy_76 
@Homesickblues So I can't sing you happy unbirthday today? 
nose so stuffy that not even vicks inhaler can get through 
@ShikhaBirdie blaaady jealous..we need some rains down here as well  !!!
@jowie It sort of turned into an inside one. Too cold, no sun and even a little rain   Still, it *is* a bank holiday, so traditional ;)
http://twitpic.com/4jjbl - Bummer! Rain doesn't cancel events but it will practice, like today's 
unfortunately, i did not get my wish last night. it's monday, and i am sooo not ready for today 
Amazing shows this weekend - Saturday and Sunday were sold out, and very responsive! Sad that we only have 4 left... 
@aimezmoi stop enjoying the rain!!! It's sticking around because of you 
Agh at work even tho I shouldn't have to be here till 2 
@ConstantineXVI You know the world is in lousy shape when even the burger jockeys are too dumb to do their jobs correctly. 
still doin homework  thats so not fair! FUCK THE TEACHERS! argh....[listening to leave out all the rest)
@RenaBrown I'll keep u posted on the events so u can rock your new Jimmy Choo shoes lol. Gotta get used to not seeing u on wknds no more 
is not excited about going to school today 
Why do mondays always feel so much longer than other days even though we get out early? probably because we have all our classes  ugh
WWI n Roaring 20s done in 30 min.  cuz we hav limited time b4 regents,  cuz we didnt get to go over gr8 migration, fav event n us hist
@MisfitGeek I know the feeling. I gave up, so to speak, and bought a Hornady LnL reloader, but even those are backordered 
@morissette thank you for the happy earth day sorry i couldn't celebrated i wa in egypt, such a poor country 
off to watch chloe and caden soo happy i havent seen them since tuesday stupid tummy flu  yay ... today
@Jess_Clarke (meh I'm on a tweet roll), I'm glad you're getting some work done, I still have more than 2/3rds of my HCI to go 
@cathybaron - just try to stay in touch as much as you can, and try to enjoy the place you're in at the moment.  It's really hard, sorry 
today is a sunny day, i'm depressed. where did the rain go? and the wet streets? and the black sky? 
I woke up with 8 new followers (so excited!), but it turned out all of them were spam 
@Bongchi i'll get there eventually, but it still kinda sucks  C4 is so freakin' annoying &gt;_&lt;
@RaDollasHpc lucky u....I was scheduled to be off today too....  I'm not a happy camper lol
My tooth is in unbearable pain. 
@jicasiano Well, I am mature, but I also thrive on the physical connection. I've had a long distance relationship before &amp; it wasn't fun 
Once again at the car shop. I'm hoping my babys car gets fixed  it makes me sad to see him unhappy.
am awakke. i hope chris feels better today i hate seeing him upset  http://plurk.com/p/rr9nw
Lakers can make it to the finals but i dont think it would be exciting. J.R&gt; smith and the nuggets bench make the game FUN. Lakers dont 
@alitherunner Glad to hear it. I'm feeling great! Sucks it is raining down there, though I think we have some heading our way as well 
@LorelieBrown *jealous* Cranapple flows in mine. 
@rainevents I can't figure out how to reply.... 
@vgarcia87 thanks for calling me, even though i missed ur call  im fine though. and yea like every1 in seaford had a baby, its very weird.
@DEWz_PingPong Unfortunately it is supposed to last until Sat.  and Unfortunately, I am unable to make it as well   Is Mimi going?
gr8 hockey wkend, eventho #Penguins lost  -long Capitals' goalie Varmalov &amp; long Ducks' Marchant vs.short Red Wings goalie Osgood #MKT
IM so happy right now, but I dont want to go back to LA  aaaa,
@sunlightfalls It's all just *so sad*. I couldn't even listen to David's album today because I know it'll just make me cry. 
@talkngpictures aw why haven't you been going  eww, its been sunny here haha.
Such an amazing date, haven't seen any star wars jokes yet though 
Doing my homework...  I want a holiday !!!!! to be in hotel... swim at te pool and have fun from the sun ...
anyone know what the formula for break even is? 
uggghh!! y does cedric diggory have to die...!   watching the GOBLET OF FIRE.. i am so excited for Half Blood Prince !!
SO depressed cause our dorm is showing MILK Wed. night and I can't go because I have a meeting. 
Getting ready. Flying back to Flawduh today.  Only glad to be leaving this weather.
just sitting here all depressed  i really need some cheering up
from *kilig* and *excitement*, i got so depressed thinking about my HMO  well, not depressed. mebbe just a little sad and teary-eyed.
@sarahjoybrown been listening to that song all morning  so sad 
@stewsimpson Life is fantastic all the way oop norf, missing you loads - I feel like I haven't seen ya in forever &amp; a day  {{{HUGS}}}
In neros removing all old saved messages from 'him' from my phone at last. Hopeless romantic i know but the words  seem kinda hollow now 
@Trucco905 buon giorno carissima!  have fun i'm so jealous wish uk had forever 21  xxx
Just back from the British Library's Henry VIII event. It would have been so much better if the weather had been sunny 
in need of another like, 3 hours of sleep! im drained &amp; the day hasnt even started yet! :O BAD HAIR DAY 
So happy...I've finally mastered Twitter! Was Loose Women on today...I missed it if it was 
studyingggg ;; taking exam ;; foooooooood ;; class ;; studyingggg again. o joy 
I wake up this morning to rain and I'm happy, but sad that certain someone isn't here to keep me company 
@sarahjoybrown that song is killing me right now.  
Experiencing really bad vertigo symptoms since last evening.  So bad I can't drive and am super nauseous. 
In search of a good Fish Taco in Toronto - do they even exist here?? 
@emilyvernon that sounds awesome!  i can't wait to see the sea of macs!  is the space filled up?  slow train has me arriving late. 
oh and my tshirt ripped , ive never sworn under my breath so much in my entire life im so angry. its my favourite t-shirt. 
@echolot @brilliantology is it Star Wars day every 4th of the month? Or is there a film out today? I don't unnerstan 
I'm secretly hoping it rains this evening so my frisbee class is cancelled. 
Chuck fans: no announcement on Chuck today, unfortunately. 
@kendallbeckley yeah thats pretty weird idk, maybe that monthly gift is dumb and it makes you depressed and makes you feel like blah 
im depressed that i  only have seven classes left.. 
Having spent a fair whack of yesterday working, I've come to the conclusion that there's no point in leaving work early unless I need to 
anxious for exams, sad i'm leaving all of my friends and the fact that we don't even have time to to hang out one last time before we go 
Coffee, coffee, coffee.  Happy monday 
Dick is stil sleeping. Hectic work day. Now evening wil b tired  but ya, olive oil makes dick really glowing !!
Going to take an ET final I shouldn't have to take. Uggghhh now I'm not going to do as well since I'm upset with the teacher. Grrr 
@Twitter You should consider a report function in addition to block--so many spam followers 
@tramane I'm rockin the touch pro LOL  i still want the iphone but baseband 2.30 is impossible to crack, not even the dev team can do it! 
Trying to wake up.  2 starbucks couldn't even help.    Pulled an all nighter and slept for an hour.  Catches up to ya after 3 days repeat.
I'm really tired and have to put entire contents of kitchen back into kitchen from balcony (fumigation)when I get home. And go to the gym 
is trying to find my motivation. I believe the rain washed it away. I could never live in Forks, even for an Edward 
counting the days til school starts.. i am scaaaaaared!!!  though a lil excited.. haha
is extremely bored. The weather is even more depressing.  http://plurk.com/p/rrm8d
im jealous, it's not raining here 
has to go working again for the 3rd time of this day. no drumlesson this evening. 
@jamley  i missed the mayfair  woz it gurd? x
WOW i had no idea a series of heroes just finished, and i didnt even prepare myself for it being the last episode  until next season then
@siphotwit God nooooooo I'm so jealous  Which one is it?
@Arrens Wow, that's a nice breakfast.  I want some   I'd even just take the French toast!
@ankur_sethi 2 be honest even ive stopped using Fx  I switched 2 Chrome, but then left it 4 Opera..
it was sunny here this morning so we thought we'd go out this afternoon but the weather had other plans 
@macosken i'm only getting about 3:56 minutes even though iTunes says it's more than 16 minutes 
@sugarrae @jdalgetty Unfortunately, I do not have the blu-ray version 
had a fantastic weekend ? Monday hasn't started off so good though  ... looking forward to Mixfest for Aaron's birthday tomorrow
Is happy the tree fell at a diagonal and landed on the part of my house my landlord lives in. But now I can only go out the front door 
Today is our 1 month. Baby, if you're reading this, I love you. Have fun staying at home and sleeping all day. 
@annemahreezy22 can't help you get that refund, then.   let us know if you need anything else.
Could not fiscally afford London today, 3 days of not going to bed until day break. Awesome times! and shit I've done it again.  gutted
...don't you hate getting woken up! Happy mothers day everyone! I am sooooo tired 
kerry ellis' last show as elphie was .. undiscribable, she is AMAZING!!!  so sad to see her leave wicked though  
@salandpepper ...or even just Peter, I know 
why the life is so unfair to me?!?!?! 
@Clemntine Wonderful to meet you! Just wish we'd had the chance to talk. I didn't see you after the photo. 
such a terrible backache today..  i'm feeling so old and i'm not even 16 yet! lol
Ugh i didnt get 2 c my steven!! im like uberly sad now!! 
wants another tattoo but lacks the fund to get one 
coming down with whatever's going around the house. It's not very fun. There's at least five of us with it. 
Sephora didn't have my Dior mascara  but I bought a really cute pair of tall leather gladiator sandals-going to be perfect for Greece!
@cubiclequeen I must say, I'm a little envious that you live close to Springfield. I wish I did....I love that place.  I'm an hour out. 
@jsuplido I haven't even seen The Dark Knight. That's how much wife and I have fallen out of touch with watching movies. 
 Thank you Stewart &amp; Lisa for a wonderful evening!   about the 2nd cut.  We love you!
I'm upset that all my Greek chocolate is gone! 
InshaAllah gotto return at 6.30 in the evening. . . Class from 7.30. . . Then . . . The work 
Excited about gettin the tat by my ear, just dnt want them to shave my side burn   but when the tat s there, I'll feel complete
@Scorch_Mom How is G? What happened? Sending soothing-ouchie vibes. 
@mindlesspursuit I don't have a BBQ.   I want one, but it's at the bottom of the priority list unfortunately.
@pattyrodriguez she's so awesome! Wish she kept the long hair though 
had an amazing day - heading home to upload pics and then sleepy time for my 6am work tomorrow 
@lonemat  oh bugger. i did not think to read..  *sigh* i'm sorry. i ok now..just getting a little upset at things..
@TieshaStarr Not fun    Happy to hear the blackout has ended!
@SlimmDuddy I might be... I don't even know yet...  I know I will be in the A for birthday bash
bummer.. i was all excited for a Kubel grand slam  we're still up 9-5 #Twins
bonefire tonight at Anna's house and I'm excited! I miss my anner! Then mothers day tomorrow  rip mom
helping mum put her prezzie 2gether and i still manage to hurt miself..y does this always happen to me i wasnt even up for 10mins 
have some good blisters in my feet from last night  but worth the awesome night out with tha girls!!
trying to understand why life is so fucking unfair 
@LacksleepDNA  that is so sad. i also did not make a jeopardy board and you know I BET EVERYONE ELSE DID NOT -_____-' we'll see. hav fun!
@ddlovato oh I'm so happy that u r back! I missed you so much 
@jbee83 @izzagillianne - ain't nobody getting me nuthin...  enjoy~
Goin to the mall by myself cause I'll my friends think its funny to leave me..  sad
ohh mavs. glad i didn't watch the game to see that...maybe we can win the next 4 in a row. back to chemistry 
Been @ the hair shop since 2pm this is just a dang shame!! Ugh not HAPPY @ all 
thankful that I didn't have to buy a part to fix my car...wish i could see the boo..wanna go back to the beach... 
I'm so bored right now... It's saturday night &amp; I have nothing fun 2 do, I feel like dancing but nowhere 2 go and nobody 2 go out with... 
So I heard the nuggets game was awesome. Did anybody tape it? I want to watch at least one game. 
I have all the makings for an awesome ice cream sundae - but no ice cream 
@seanmurphymusic Aww have fun! I can't see my mom on Mom's Day this yr! First one ever! 
Today was amazing, too short though 
@caseysevenfold it got leaked. but i'm not downloading it. =D cause yeah. and it came out here friday. but the shipments didnt come. 
Wishing all deserving mothers a WONDERFUL day tomorrow. Just spoke to mine (and my grandmother) back home in Sydney; I miss them so much 
i need some fun time where i dont end up hurting days after 
Oh no! Shannon just had a 4 wheeler accident. She's up for the weekend to have fun and Dani was sharing her new toy.  Hope she's ok.
@debbie_ann77 I'm jealous! I haven't been to a race in a looooong time. 
not satisfied with the way my life is goin 
@zozoroom Its better but I'll be glad when its healed completely..every1 ate pork chops yesterday while I was eatin vegetable damn soup 
@bombchelle512 jealous. not of your boy, per se, but that yours is off tour and with you.  LUCKY
I can hear my neighbors laughing on the balcony and I'm so depressed that I'm in here writing papers.    
@drtabor im totally impressed... That sounds like fun. Weather is terrible up here 
@Area224 No - house Cab.  Poor baby wasn't even stained with good wine.
i am at home, stuck in bed, missing both the rokict volunteer meeting and my bff birthday...cuz of my stupid low back pain. UN-happy 
Good night, even though we couldn't get into a club at 2:30 but its whatever! Cockpit needs to change its closing times, work tomorrow 
game day! too bad i feel like crap...otherwise I would be able to enjoy it more! 
Had a fun drive to Hampton and back. Now hamgin out w/ my critters for the night and recovering from this burn 
Finally home!! Everybody have fun at the boat ride for me!!! 
@melyjean Happy Birthday! Sorry. 
@verwon tis a funny sketch, tho my fave was the all drug olympics, had them both on my youtube at one point but nbc claimed back rights 
now for laundry and to clean the place......   not sooo much fun
my tummy keeps making funny noises! 
@Krystle_Hill She has liver disease and cancer. Eventually she's not going to be okay.  But praying for every day I can get with her.
@vomvom lol, sounds amazing ;) sad to have missed it 
@DugyFresh They're three hours from here.  Correction: Nothing fun in Palm City.
is having a really ruff evening. 
ugh! I hate my job right now, I hate having Fibro, and I'm totally upset about not being able to find Peanut!! 
@STACYSHOW that sounds awesome i wish i wasnt in CT 
@shainaa really busy. i'm kind of really behind in school&amp;i'm having a crazy month, hahah.  oh, well, i'm just glad summer's ALMOST here.
Part 1: Happy Mother's to my mama. Luv and miss u soooooo very  much. It's almost 4 years, 4 YEARS, i didnt give her any kiss or hug 
I really want to play sven bomwollen! But it seems the internet hates me and I cannot for the life of me download it! Angry kitty 
My brothers making fun of the fact that i snort when i laugh 
@Melissaelguera Awe! That's so sad, but so funny at the same time. Sorry Sharon!  Dr.s say that most injuries are adults playing wii
Aahhhhh! One of the 5 places that I actually enjoy going to in NYC closed  - bye bye &quot;Love Saves The Day&quot; - Anyone w/ me on this?
Friendlys even though I have no money 
Not feeling too good. And sometimes big crowds just piss me off, even more than when people take my turn at stop signs 
@rbbashirxx @2moor I dont even like you guys 
Not as happy as i'd like to be. 
@Jesidiab I enjoyed spending the day with you! Back to denny on Monday 
I loved Nick saying about the broccoli &quot;some of your best work&quot; to his mom - he looked so truly upset about the movies 
Looking at lethal weapon and I can't even call my dad to tell him its on hard times 
I wanna waltz  @court_funnymore
Well that was fun I'm stuffed and bored at home with no computer 
Frustrated because the app to link Twitter and Facebook is not working 
Noo! I didn't see the new Wolverine movie today (even though I've been waiting for a week)!!!! Maybe tommorow?.... 
working late with an upset belly  
celebrating mother's day on saturday instead, just to avoid the line-up outside the dim sum place. sadly for mom, she has work tomorrow. 
Not sure what 2 do wit myself, house is spotless, footy over - kids wrecked from massive weeks &amp; don't even want to play with me     
@Royal_Flyness i would ask to cash in on ure debt...but i'm still a lil swine fluish...i wouldn't enjoy the meal 
@JosephDexter  i wish i coulda made the drive! tell y-o and thurz i said whattup. have fun
just had an awesome dinner with a few good friends at El Tap for the last time.   tonight is going to be awesome.
unfortunately, i feel like butt right now. can't tell if i am developing allergies or a cold. 
having rock star crushes. okay. mostly drummers. okay. maybe bassists. okay. but always ENGAGED rockers? dammit! so unfair 
misses Liz's awesomeness 
@levdawg i didn't even know he was in town  
@jareason oh good I am glad he knows then.  That's so sad  #sigjeans
cant get onto tim  cant dont kno how im getting to night service at church tonight now  upset now  if any1 can gimmie a lift let me know
@paul_berry  negative. We are right behind the plate. It hit the net where my beer sat 
tired, bored, stuck at home, fighting w/ brother. yeah. happy mothers day. 
...wat to wear!? I don't even know wat I'm doing today 
Unfortunately, I couldn't see Star trek in IMAX 
@AdamBMusic eeep no fun  hope it goes away soon!
@amandawight http://twitpic.com/4w4um - oooh, I'm so proud!  I wish we were in the same city 
Malibu, Santa monica, gladstone's. Now to study on the ride back.  andy, ew. Jacobo, gross
Had a fun afternoon and is tired.  And didn't get any work done.  And should start packing up 
@rejectstv http://twitpic.com/4w587 - awooomes, i think it'd be pretty fuckin fun, even if there are only five songs, i wish i  was there 
Studying and watching Catch Me if You Can!!! Nursing School never let's me have fun!!   ps missin the boy!!
@halophoenix nope.  worst thing is i don't know how to prevent it really.. 
@knlsmom Totally missed that part.  Was trying 2 device a plan to run into him, but I was 2 shy! But it was funny because if we stayed...
I feel bad now, while I was having so much fun your night was bad  I was there you looked happy, hope it's better now@JackAllTimeLow
@bunnymousekitt stephen fry is awesome  and hey! we're following the same amount of people! only...you haz more followers 
It was 94 today, sunny, still no rain  but I made the best brownies! Yum! http://www.michele24.etsy.com
@lee_kd Haha, i sitll havent done my assignment.  Even though i told the teacher it was finished so i have to do it and hand it into him 
Bad news for Laker haters (&amp; Rocket fans). Yao out for the year with a broken foot  http://tr.im/kWzw
Enjoyed walking around Victoria Gardens &amp; chowin' down on  a panini from the Corner Bakery... got a wicked headache now though... 
@jenleighbarry bummer jen! no posters for you then...even when they do come out!   Maybe I'll send u one! (cuz u know I'm getting one!)
happy mothers day ! Stuck at work... So boring 
hopes I'm no longer sick tomorrow... Being sick on Mother's Day is no fun.. 
is thinking bed wetting kids are such a joy! I am now wide awake  Oh well, off to Brainstorm xxx
@song_of_adam you are not very nice!!! i'm seriously depressed 
What movie? I'm jealous! 
is behind watching Wolverine, Star Trek and even the pinoy films. 
@Mrs_Halloween haha no it's not that i still love you guys. the internet's just not as fun as it used to be 
Is with the family right now, not a happy ocassion! 
@zachtib you sent- @mcatherineblack fave fun... for me, classes start on monday   I thought in ref to me being on vaca?  What classes?
Salt River was amazing! Tan and tired, but hanging out with @clbreit and Tiffany until my 11pm red eye back east. So sad to be leaving 
@GetOutOfDebtGuy Owch. That looks like no fun at all  Hope it all comes out ok.
happy mothers day ! mum didn't eat all my breakfast i made her  http://bit.ly/ztSJx
The Cavs could beat Atlanta using only three players. This is awful. Yao Ming out for the series  no fun.
Had fun! My feet hurt! Lol! Bought a lot of great stuff though... Almost lost my wallet  But we found it! In American Eagle! Lol 
Since i've been payn' attention to what i eat..checkn' cal content!!! UGH..180 cal for 1/2c icecream : ? ...trust me, that ain't nothing 
I'm upset that the sushi place assumed I had a date and gave me two of everything. 
I get stupidly excited when new people follow me and go and look and it's usually just spammers. 
uck i feel sooooo sick!!! 2 nites now u couldnt finish dinner, what a waste of $. might have 2 go 2 walgreens...i'm miserable &amp; nauseaous 
@jasmine_dani I Dont Even Know Why I Have That Many. WTF! It's 115 Now. Dude I'll Trade You Followers Mine Creep ME Out 
i need you now, do you think you can cope? you figured me out. i'm lost &amp; i'm hopeless, i'm bleeding &amp; broken...i've come undone. 
I am not liking funny face. The music is great..... The storyline is a little....... ugh.... Crud... Just heard a cry from the other room 
Thats me just in. Wohhoo. Good/bad night!  Party then Candle roooms. Fell out w best mate  but had amazing night!...
Mothers day isn't a birthday. Happy mothers day mum. Better then anyone else that has tried to be my mum. That poor lady... 
Left phone + '25 w laura whpo didnt get into club,  so cant reply to no text  had awwwesome night dancing  So fun! Night &lt;3 ps...
@karlburnett my kid  actually, it was amazing. didn't cry once. and so looked like I'm a perfect mother. so kind of made mother's day cool
Last show-dance was amazing tonight! I'm gonna miss everyone  &lt;3 my dance buddiessss.
Email box has been somewhat slow today.  Must be everyone celebrating Mother's Day already 
Happy mothers day to all you mothers out there! How's the weather looking at your place...its cold and rainy in sydney 
@annwillmott wow you guys just keep going, sorry couldn't stay longer  fun meeting you tho 
I'm overdue for some intoxication. I'm going to malfunction. 
Wolverine was awesome.To bad coz i see just HALF of the movie  I feel really BAD for Tanz &amp; Drew..but i promise i'll make it up to them!!
Jetlag is a killer...Connected w some amazing people @ the sessions here (i might even remember names tomorrow)...Lost to Jeff in poker 
Drinking, so many new friends, *so much* fun - wtf did I *ever* move to Maryland 
@simplyyv http://twitpic.com/4w87z - i am jealous 
upset. doesn't know what to do.  so many people are after me, it seems. what the heck?!       I must be a horrible person. 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!!! My mum already left the house before i woke up so i couldn't give her a hug and tell her i love her 
@JackieInChgo Sick kid...oh no    Umm Happy Mother's Day?!
fun day at the beach! - moms making me go to church tomorrow  FML.
So... much... work. How can I enjoy spring when I'm always cooped up in my room? 
i got a haircut today...and i don't think you can even tell...i wanted it shorter.. 
@janieo  Well, at least your home now! We had a lazy day here... Hopefully will be even lazier tomorrow!
So depressed shopping wasn't even fun 
@cassowaryjewel Click on any of the Trending Topics...you'll see. 
hey guys, @mimithenth is fierce (aka follow her) even though she did try to bite my nose. can't believe @zigfeldowns did nothing. 
sitting at home. bored and upset 
@chrisviamusic a depressed girl who gives up on life and then finds happiness. oh wait thats mee. 
may day fair was fun, but i got a sun burn 
I miss you too bbygrl. Next weekend furrsure we're gonna have us some fun. Cuz then you're gone and ima miss you sooooo much 
Im glad that i didn't break my knee! But it sure feels like i did 
I need more twitter friends.  Happy Mother's Day!  
Now enjoying a little R&amp;R watching the CRAZY darlington race    most of my peeps having a rough night   that's racing...
Sorry I didn't get to see @zomb1etron last night, or the angry ladies on wheels. It was my reward and I didn't meet the requirements 
dont even know how i am functioning right now! work is kickinnn my assss 
@NurseSoccerMom oh jealous! I pre-ordered from Amazon but not here yet 
rice at 4am is awsome and combats the booze. its all fun and games till someone stamps on your ankle 
@jtimberlake make an angry face! cuz im mad! 
i enjoyed my dat of today. back to work tomorrow.  i def. need a new job
@theresachan is it sad that i'm still playing even though it's lagging? i'm addicted. 
@PoodleFrilFrill I will buy you vegan desserts when you get to Knoxville. Your on your own with BDC. Try not to get too upset 
@trickyrodent: Yeah, it seems like most people hate their relatives for some reason  A sad state of affairs, indeed.
@David_Henrie i wish you would reply  i think you are amazing. i know you won't reply though. i can only hope you do. God Bless xo
is enjoying sunday morning with his children...mom stays home prepare for her Monday exam  http://plurk.com/p/stx3a
VERY upset that I didn't get to go to the show tonight...came home early because I didn't want to drive in rain all day tomorrow 
 I wish I could do somthing amazing. no tallent that i know of. apart from Lame jokes, &amp; my dolphine noise. I'll let u know when i find it
@tom_disabledvet awww, that just makes me even sadder, thanks for pointing that out to me, rural = less connections = harder to get. 
now i just miss christine even more!  and i am thinking too much. i just want to cry!  but katies coming over, and im getting a cantaloupe
@Raquel1989 lol sounds likefun! lol and aw ur poor grapes! 
last night was tons of fun. and tons of beer. i'm craving oreos. full fat. lena i need to do cardio but i need yr help 
made seven layer salad and tres leches cake with dinner. So yum. Brunch on the boat tomorrow. Missing country 
omg can't wait for jobros concert and DECEMBER cause i'm going to L.A, Vegas, etc! But first i have to go to school for seven months 
Ugh. I hate pinkeye.  It hasn't even been a month since last time. Ha! Not even 2 weeks.
went to red robins with swim team after finals. soo full  i feel funnyy.
about to pass out. waking up at 4:30 is not fun... 
I do.... ahooooo  lol jk jk what its trailers before the movie they all awesome!!!!
applying for jobs..while looking for a movie to watch. i got made fun of for wanting to see 'earth'.  haha.
I'm so sick. Its miserable.   
@ayyorudy im not even home yet so I don't think I can go out tonight 
My cat gave me ringworm. ashjajsh. this fucking bitch, i'm going to kill her i swear.  i hate ringworm, i'm so miserableeee. (/whining)
im fucking sick. stupid bad bacteria or whaterver it is that gives me colds 
@Selasphorus So jealous! Want to go birding. 
@mobrowne soundbites? i heard tav and them talking bout it. i didn't even hear about it 
@lovely_ess sorry if I made you upset 
@ddlovato Awwh Demi  Sorry To Hear You Miss Sel, But Soo Glad To Welcome You Back To Twitter  Come To Australia ? Love You&amp;God Bless,xo
@LuvSuzie jealoussss!  I miss u and snakey 
Is watching that seventies show all by herself 
http://twitpic.com/4wbh0 Tyler looks like he's enjoying himself... Last night out in Clemson 
@mduncan_9 Unfortunately it is looking like 2-3 more days of storms. 
I spent most of the morning with my mum and didn't even say happy mothers day.....I TOTALLY SPACED.  SORRY MUM! I LOVE YOU !!
@Siempre_Nahni sowhatsowhat so what cha want (funny),im sorry hope you get to feeling better 
really amazing how exhausting a cough can be 
I'm even more kawawa than before   Fuck my life. Seriously. Fuck it.
Goodnight my twiggaz. Gotta hit the sack, so that I'm prepared for another work filled day...fun 
@JackAllTimeLow are you enjoying the tour? i wish i could see you guys in australia, melbourne but parents won't let me 
Watching my Syreeta sleep as usual. She kinda upset w/me  tryna find sumthin to watch on t.v
Wishes I can have another amazing moment with ED  
@torie007 enjoy him while you can. Mine is brain damaged for the past 20 years, he's alive, however &quot;not there&quot; you know what I mean? 
@KSWARD5 Dang that sounds like fun! Wish I was there 
is trying to stay positive when surrounded by negative. i wish everyone i loved was single so they could be only mine 
@omfgitskris276 is upset....how dare u be faded and im not there  now i cry
i wish i had more followers  this isn't as fun when you're kinda talking to yourself!
@WeeLaura Umm, ok. I thought it was the night to do something fun w/ friends and family, but if you insist on reading legal briefs, OK.. 
@vidluther ooo, I'm excited about testing out the new Philtro, but waiting for power to come back 
enjoying Sunday morning with his children...mom stays home prepare for her exam on Monday  http://plurk.com/p/su1ph
@Shayne71 i'm so sorry to hear that, even my mp3 player is not working anymore  . Good news : i'm going out tonight to a club yay
@fadedyellow boo  happy mother's day.. haha =P
today was super awesome taking cosplay pics, now a long night of editing ahead of me... 
Is about to continue a paper that is is due in 15 minutes and I'm not even half done  Pray for me
@CPSIA yea... I know so many small manufacturers and designers giving up because of this law.  So poorly written   Glad you are active...
just got home from chicago! soo much fun! i miss johnny? 
has got the strangest craving for some oranje juice all of a sudden. And wouldnt you know it, we dont even have any 
Playing roller coaster tycoon cuz mom fell asleep on me...my dog is depressed and I dunno why? 
Jesus fuck! All the gay guys at the bar aree so hot.  its not fair
Baby scratched me... It was deep, I even had to put a bandage on it. =/ It hurts. 
Last nite freakinn sucked but it was fun at the same time my leg hurts  aww poor me.
@oohmyG thats funny I even missed your tweet 
The night has been tremendously esspensuvvv! loved every minute. So proud of my graduates! Miss my bff already. 
Everone is happy  besides me  but its all good i guess
happy mothers day peoples!  me at uni studying now 
happy mother's day, mum. you're not here 
@jrbommarito  it was fun while it lasted
had fun at her bbq, and at the fair. misses cara alexandra? 
Uh-oh, forgot to add the hashtag  It's not even 1AM. Oh, well. I'll go do something useful. Like finish the short story. *sigh* #140Sunday
it's eleven &amp; i wanna talk to my baby  
@Super_Angel: Happy Birthday! I love Golden Corral, we dont have one here any more  Glad you had a great time!
SUNNY DAY...is over? 
@javienfuego OHHH!! Haha. Sweet. I had to work.  Did'ya have fun?
@sgarland http://twitpic.com/4vi6g - Ouch.. hope you had fun standing in that one 
Work was fun today. But no more Shelise or Jenn anymore. 
@tristankent Yup. And He's Our You (  ). But the directing on that episode was awesome.
@hal345 i'm jealous!!! share 
@LoveAvaJames just a trendy clothing store-all the kids are doing it ha..pool all day? Jealous..got my tan today w/o the luxury of a pool 
excited that Josh will be back in Erie in an hour or so!! but i have to wait till Sunday afternoon to see him  
Home from the show left after Ryan's set... I stink of smoke  but they WOWED even me if they don't win I'd be shocked I'll keep you posted
@Nick_is_awesome i'm sorry 
Drinking house medium - and enjoying it a bit.....what is happening to me? 
got to stop sleeping in awkward positions ! neck is in unbearable pain! 
Cant make him happy 
@Lintwitt If you change your profile to 1.0 I will soo leave funny comments on your page by using the many faces of Rob. 2.0 won't let me 
ok I'm back from the funk fest all I can say is WOW!! BBD Fantasia Aaron Hall the only bad thing was they took so long no Dougie Fresh 
@jmarkiz Well, you don't look like a trekkie, you don't act like a trekkie, and thankfully you don't smell like one either. So I assumed 
I jjust woke up and it's funny I didn't mean to sleep this long... There goes my Saturday nite 
Enjoying my last fun evening at tech with some great people! Tackling bit all day tomorrow. Kind of sad about leaving tech tuesday 
My blood sugar is exactly 100. Finger prick no fun 
Everyone is doing something fun tonight, while I'm stuck at work until 8am, getting yelled at by angry sprint customers. Not cool. 
@theberaca i dont have a gift  im too poor ahh im excited about college
i really should be doing english or media. even though i really dont want to. hmmmmp 
@cassieventura http://twitpic.com/3vlwb - OHHH I WISH BE THERE .... 
Day 4 of sleeping upright on the couch. Not fun at all.......... 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there.  This is the first Mother's Day that I can't call my mom.  That has me a little down.  
@marknagel Ur going to miss my birthday at midnight. @QuestionSeven &amp;I are sad...no @marknagel 2 wish me a happy 29. 
happy sweet 16 to me 
Wrote mii mom a really thoughtful letter for Mother's Day...then she went nd pissed me off! Now it's n a million pieces n a junkyard! 
Happy Mother's Day to me 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
@MusikFareak YES YOU DO! Fb! Oh it was good, Rach was a tad bossy bout things(what's new lol)but apart from that it was fun. miss ya tho! 
i'm SOOOO upset by the fact that i could have EASILY went to see all time low perform, &amp; i failed miserably; i could cry rite now, 
Confucius says that hopeless romantic without a target for the romance is merely hopeless. - Makes me sad. 
Amazing concert. Too bad it's another day i didn't meet Alex  but Pete walked right by me. &lt;3333
happy mother's day to the best mom in the world...mine!!(L)(L) i miss her 
sad that I'm not in ATL anymore.. even more so bc I see that Chrisette Michelle did a signing at Lenox Mall  .. love her
I've brushed off hanging out with you for years, now you are brushing me off. Funny how things work out. Karma is a bitch. 
Show was awesome! Siq kick to the face my septum tunnel was knocked out 
@__Bo im so jealous! i wont be home ALLLL summer  have fun for both of us!
happy mother's day to the best mom in the world...mine!!(L)(L) i miss her 
@errrca: No unfortunately  i forgot my pokeflute at home too!
trying to find a job... beginning to think it's hopeless 
Won't have the computer tomorrow cause Corey has Staff Duty   ?HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL OF YOU HOT MAMAS!? Txt me cause I'll be bored!!!
My poor phone can't function up here 
is upset.   http://plurk.com/p/subnh
@Chynadoll1369 I'm chillin' hyped just got home from the funk fest...mad I didn't  get to see Dougie Fresh 
@Rory366 I'm so jealous. Everyone is loving this SNL episode, and I'm stuck here deejaying at a Mexican restaurant. 
My head is killing me, and I've even taken excedrine migrane. 
@souljaboytellem are you going to stream anymore this evening, that was fun even for an old head like myself...I'll probably be sleep  EST
:Head hurts so bad and i gots a fever  ... hurts to even lay down and sleep some one call for help
Happy Mothers Day!! and the bottom floor of my house has no power 
My 8 yr. old refused to go to sleep until the clock struck 12 so he could be the first to say Happy Mother's Day to me.  I love my kids.
@PlumpPeaches Thanks! I think a visitor did it while I was gone on a 4 day trip. I don't give people food, no cat now, he's so miserable 
@gabebarillas omg i wanna go to disney.. can u beleive i lived in LA almost two years y nunca fui  washin ma clothes.. fun timez huh lol
I enjoyed Star Trek quite a bit, but I don't like how IMAX only shows 2 trailers.. I love trailers  2 is simply not enough #startrek
North Myrtle Beach, SC: Perhaps I could enjoy myself if the hotel didn't charge me double for my stay  http://tinyurl.com/pv73n7
@SanjanaSharma Hey there, thanks for understanding... I know, everyone has exams now  BTW, keep up the bunking, you make us proud ;)
im really bored. its only 10 at night though. i wanna go for a jog!!!!! unfortunately i cant 
I didn't think they could do it, but somehow they made the hotel internet suck even more  I guess its time for bed.
@drylll and no fair... U get to eat pepper lunch today 
@victoriax3jonas I've never even been before!! 
Lame saturday is gone XD ugh but hello drama filled funeral 
@truefantastic the beach! With tony and julia! I tried calling you so you could talk to them, but no answer! 
@eak984 Yeah, not fun.  So What'd you think of the movie?
Darn, Gary Densham is still not on the event list for Bristol, Tenn. needs sponsors...  
upset that ive pissed off my person 
mom won't be here for mother's day.  but she'll be home i the phillipines. work tomorrow all day! happy mother's day my surrogate moms#fb
@Ollien33 Next weekend's no good for me unfortunately.  Maybe the weekend after?
Aargghh! Don't do something wrong &amp; then get frustrated @ me 4 not getting over it, when you haven't even done anything 2 fix it! No fair 
@jimmyjimjoes he-hee!!!  i want one, stop making me jealous 
..........tagging is how the new Internet, finds its content! How ignorant of me  And here I was wondering, why no one finds any my posts?
i'm upset it's almost over 
got my dc4c/ts tickets in the mail today. thank god i came home this weekend. but ugghh sickness go awayyy...i can't even enjoy pinkberry 
Happy Mother's Day @addikshun.. Even though I rarely see you any more 
flossing. i always dread this time of the evening. 
I guess everybody else has a life and is off doing a bunch of fun stuff while I'm stuck at home lonely! 
@bsbaegirl awe.. I'm sorry!!  I'm sure he was so upset with himself
Unfortunately, because of the busy day and busy night, no slumber party night tonight and therefore no spn this week at all 
@5tanley I miss you! Come home soon!! I thought I'd enjoy the bed to myself ... but I don't 
how can you be happy and sad at the same time new parts of my life are good but it just feels like the others im just barely holding on 
@priscx oooh happy 38th then! hehe. and errr ya but i want cooking!!!  like breakfast. le sigh...
@Ambee789 it was awesome.... don't wanna go home  Met some intense &quot;salesmen&quot; in times square tonight, found some awesome shit in a random
@MalikFord213 I dont even be looking? Real talk. I just chill and still end up with bs.. Nevamind... Im done 
is not happy about that no youth grade.... 
flat front bike tire  gotta get it fix monday before the lady sov concert (idk if i should be sad or happy??)
@GeezusHaberdash &quot;never ever&quot; and she sounded terrible , and I'm not even hating but that shit was pure garbage ....she needs more talent 
Running mad late for this next event  smh
ugh...i'm annoyed by my parents. ugh  won't let me do anything at all!!!! ugh. but i'm listenin to my new metro station cd!!  sooo good!
@EssenceATL GIRL! lol u dnt even know...i got so bored i called up a old flame to chill lmao...it been rainin all damn day so he did come 
seharusnya berada di GI nih.. huhu  have fun ya 99 beautiful queenbeehunt finalist http://plurk.com/p/sufav
@ephram_ ok maybe a little funny but NO!! dont stop following me from my stupid error! 
@therealjovan I too have been missing two friends in particular. Rite choice? Pride prevents revelation of who they be. 
@Ninacolada05 i wish too  love you guys...have so much fun!!
@heyclement  I'm so jealous!
I miisss himmm  Monday afterskool shud be fun tho.
Saw the end of SNL with @jtimberlake. He's just amazing. My nephew is sick. 
It's not fair being on the west coast and being the last to watch SNL.  
okay good night twitter. i`m soooo sooo soo very tired. i can`t even stand up  byyeee
Awww. I'm sad.  I only have 80 pages of this AMAZING book left. (It's a total of 1190 pages long.)
not even half way home      
pretty bummed to not being playing cards right now. I was excited for that. 
Ugh, I don't know what is wrong with me. I've been feeling so joyless and tired. Really don't like were things are heading at the moment 
omg zach was on snl and i missed it  but i did see him at the end so that was awesome
obsessed was AMAZING! I love tht muvi! im SO tired though! its 1:10 in the morning. so ew...skool tomorow 
mmm getting knda borreed  realllly dont wanna go back to school. imm annoyed at it 
Currently listening to I Promise and I'm not Missing You by Stacie Orrico. Old songs with wonderful+sad memories 
@SnehaVP Hahaha! I'm glad it went well! And I'm bummed about the soiree being pushed back too 
@falloutboy this is so unfair for those of us not on the west coast. 
i am so upset with @jeffreecuntstar he kicked me and @hannah_rose out of the stickam chat because we are girls 
last show  perc08-09? (via @janeefung)
Happy mother's day .. I miss my mum.. 
Sitting here being bored isn't fun 
Add this guy hes awesome, He asked me cuz he needed more followers and friends   @aaronmarcus
@alliejoy, I know! I'm so proud! P.s. We SERIOUSLY need to catch up!! Its been too long 
@pyroonaswing jealous!!! I want some 
not happy that the QLD boys didn't win ! 
standing in tatkal queue is not fun, especially wen u don't get d ticket 
@petewentz the show in chicago was amazingggg i fly back to la in 5 hours 
Music and history workbook pages. No fun. 
just woke up ... now looking through the window and feeling depressed because of the bad weather outside 
loves girlk  w the mom.soo wnted 2 be home 4 mother's day  but nyc will settle..outta here 2morrow evening! See you in a few days D.C.!
Holy awesome Leonard Nimoy!  Also thought I spied George Takei in there but google has proven me wrong. 
loves girl tlk  w the mom.so wnted 2 be home 4 mother's day  but nyc will settle..outta here 2morrow evening! See you in a few days D.C.!
breakfast at Wings and Fins was fun today. except that i had to get up at like 6:45, and Sunday's my only sleep in day 
@PinkAngel_0704 LOL!!!! Flipping thru the television trying to watch something good. I miss watching Apollo and the Tom Joyner Sky show. 
@Dog_Crazy same here! we had a great sunny day! my human went on adventures, but I gots let at home 
Happy Mother's Day!  People, send me load. 
SNL sucked tonight.    Oh well....   Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there!
At my nanas. I enjoy driving. But only have 9 hours and like 35 mins. 
This is no fun  #finals http://mypict.me/FQi
@Jen_Paris OMG, you watched! Awesome. IKR? I totally forgot about that shower scene....beautiful moment. Matthew &lt;3 Tomorrow: B&amp;S FINALE 
@300_120896 That reminds me, too. Snape made fun of me for using that cane to walk around earlier. He said I was falling apart. 
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful woman!!! Especially my mother &amp; grandmother... wish I had a kid 
happy mommies day...bed time, my right hand is in major pain since i decided to burn/blister the middle and almost break the index 
Btw: we only got 1/2 mile- dave's takin me home- more work 4 him 2nite, unfortunately 
i have been deliriously cheerful the past few days but now i'm home alone again and it's starting to wear off 
@stevenmitchellw nuuuuu! i wanted to see you in melbourne! 
The show was amazing  too bad attack attack wasnt there  but still sickkk.
@davidleibrandt Thats Awesome...I Wish I Could Of Been There 
Happy mother's day!!!  Mom,i miss you 
work at eleven am. darn. 
juz wanna say..say..happy mother's day! to my mom.. she's in toronto,canada right now.. 
@masterluke103 haha! not a fan of the vampire teeth??? i cant talk though @slaihingpg3blog is always making fun of me 
@petewentz oh, pete. i'm so sorry. i feel your pain, man. my dog austin pasted away when i was only seven. 
Aw man... I have ADD bad lol I can't even concentrate on this movie. 
my amazing day just got completely ruined 
@OrganizedDanie aww friend..did u not have fun?  what did u guys do afterwards? I nvr heard from u
Missing my mom and hoping for some peaceful sleep for a change...wishing the loneliness would fade.... 
@MariRamos OK.   Have fun and have a great Mother's Day!
Wow, I thoroughly enjoy being the loser that I am... 
about 2  watch twilight 4 the 2nd time...it doesn't even suck 
@simoncurtis hahah im glad ur having fun. im soooooo bored  2.30am and i dont have a clue of what i should do....
Serendipitously sociable day ended with my bike getting stolen from opposite the Metreon.   Star Trek was a fun movie anyway.
I got some amazing shit to twitpic but my twitterberry uploading pics wants nothing to do with me. 
@Lorling it has been a harrowing experience for many people. I'm thankful my family is safe and sad for those who lost their homes 
@nodgarb Poor puppy  But I'm glad you now know what it is now, and can treat it.
In whistler. Canucks  Taking an evening stroll in the whistler village.
Good for you Lace!! I hope you have enought fun for the bothof us. I miss my kids and I have to be where I don't want to be.  
@souljaboytellem ain't even qoinq to qo check u out....u wouldn't shout me last nite.  still love u doe!
I wasn't even home an hour before I got in a massive fight with my parents. It will be a long two months... and I could really use a hug 
Sooo upset. A guy ran into my piece and damaged it 
I miss my mom today more than ever  Please support and pray for our troops!! Happy mother's Day to all
why do the people u want to cmnt u bak never reply bak    im still waiting even though its been weeks plz dnt keep me waiting any longer
@DomHarvey Did he use the guards that prevent him from gutterballing? They are a good friend of mine, and yet i cant reach 100 
SHIT! forgot to call my mum wishing her a happy mother's day until now. she sounded a bit sad on the phone. I'm a horrible daughter 
If i was @iloveonyinyechi I'd be upset too, Celtics ain't makin it past this round  i know it hurts.....
@Urban_Lindsay Unfortunately it came up under your account.  LOL!
I have two Joystiq contests bookmarked (one entry per day) and I forgot to enter them today.  Boo-urns.
just wants to make everyone happy 
@werdsortiz  i'm jealous .. We are the ones that told you about pizza bianco and you had it first without us. 
famous ppl never reply back to u on myspace  not fair   but even though its been weeks im still waiting for the day that u hopefully reply
grrrr.  someone ate my watermelon slices! Haterssss. Lol. Bleh.
Happy Mother's Day! My mom's present is still at school and unglazed. 
This weekend has been so much funnn. its almost over tho 
almost 7am 0_0 some people are waking up now.. i didnt even go to sleep 
&quot;Star Trek&quot; on a much larger screen - lens flares even worse! Capt. Pike is cool, and Scotty is fun. Urban a McCoy cartoon, though. 
new Star Trek was one of the AWESOMEST movies I've ever seen.. but so many inconsistencies in the science of their story   Disappointing.
@racheljoy89  me soooo sorry 
i just got home from flavius's graduation and i dominate at volleyball and ping pong have been out since ten, and its eleven...still sick 
foot still bleeding so can't wakeboard  or rather, forbidden to wakeboard  but will still be on the boat enjoying the sun!
just got home from flavius's graduation and i dominate at volleyball and ping pong have been out since ten, and its eleven...im sick 
I'm finally home !!! Home to a useless modem  ugh. How nice. No internet lol. Oh well I'm glad to be home. I'm tired. Early day tomorrow !
just got home from flavius's graduation and i dominate at volleyball and ping pong. been out since ten, and its eleven...im sick 
haha!!! not fair i tunes dosent have icarly i date a bad boy yet!! 
@evilesmile You're right, but I'm still jealousI don't think I'm going to be eating anything like that tomorrow.- Probably a salad.. 
@devonm89 i'm jealous you went to the rocks without me 
Happy mothers day to all you mothers. To the rest jug or call your mom!          Off to FL tomorrow 
3 A's 2 B's and pretty proud. Plus i celebrated my 21st a little to hard 
I cried when I got home from the party  but the party was slot of fun
@mariqueen@trent_reznor: jealous of m+T  because i'm NOT with my sweetie, i wish i was... Miss you babe  still love m+T!!  god i'm tipsy
I am not enjoying the fact that I have to spend my night home alone... 
@martiy Awww, can't even get to the kitchen?  I will carry you there Glorificus.
 feelin very pessimistic ):
@babydykecate I'm so excited for the finale. I have to wait until tonight, though due to internet restraints 
2 days to go and I still don't know what to do... how will I even spend the 2k? and my mom said save it as much as possible...wth... :l 
@Escape2TheStars oh for the love of god move on.  been there, done that, not fun.
finished 2/5 volumes  and now i only have 529/1024 pages left *sigh* I'm going to miss this series, even though i still cant pronounce it.
Happy early Mother's Day Spending the day in NEW YORK i miss Miami   GoodNight    LoVe Ya NAOMi
Frustrated at myself because I'm teaching myself a whole semester's worth of information.   Long day of studying tomorrow, so goodnight!
@TickleMeJoey you never called  &amp; annuh is here. and i just left you a message. &amp; tell you mom i say happy mothers day.
I'm a bit dissappointed with shinee they only performed 2 songs it was sooo short!  but ss501 was awesome too!
@TeamSavvyOuten aww thanks girl!!! thats awesome! and I KNOW it really sucks  it wont charge AT ALL! hopefully ill get one soon!!
@OfficialTL awww how fun, but im sorry that you miss your friends &amp; fam. 
the dinner party was so fun! not in the mood for schoooooool 
@hanabobana Haha, sweet!  Sounds fun.  I've never &quot;climbed&quot; before, only rappelled...   Maybe I'll try sometime soon in Boulder
@jefferycjordan I'm in San Diego.  It's 11:00, and I'm the kind of person who does NOT function well on less than eight hours of sleep.  
I'am hating #twitter 's new pagination. Hardly useful! Earlier I could jump pages directly.. even from URL .. 
@Jax425 yea..  but it's really good. I'm just not looking forward to my babies going. Bittersweet feeling after the movie.
ik its not good to be tied to material things, but im SO DEPRESSED i lost my ipod. i just wanna sync it to my itunes 
Yawn...Off to sleep DH (Deae Hubby) has to work so I think this Mother's Day will be minus all the fanfair. 
Lmao JONAS was sooo funny that made my day even better thn it alreddi was... Not includinf one thing i jus found out 
started saying goodbyes   just spent like 10 hours in mark's room with people.  not exaggerating.  omegle is funny.
retrorewind is awesome! im mad that i missed justin timberlake on snl tonight 
Wish there was an RSS feed for the recent/most popular content on Tumblr 
@mygossiplips  i cant wait for tuesday!!! I WONT MISS YOU HAVE FUN!
@RealRobPattz Hi nice guy on 2 legs - yes i have a fantastic morning - couldn't sleep the whole night  - so i'm still awake haha.
@Cadistra I wanted more princess less frog  but oh well~ looks amazing anyway.
@Bella_in_Forks That would be awesome! I've never been to the Louvre...::looks wistful:: I miss Quil... 
@jacky_McflyFan It was amazing! The best one of their's I think I've been to! I'm so sad it's over now though  x
@stevenkasprzyk I can't see my mom tomorrow.  how much for tickets?
Is there such thing as over studying? Sometimes I'd study like 8 hours but I'd get a crappy mark. It's not fair  (via #zenjar )
@Jersey_Gyrl smh... smh.. Niggas didnt even kno that shit could happen.. this is the 2nd time!!! 
Today, I went w. my family to Wal-Mart &amp; I saw 'Picture This' it was bittersweet cuz I had no money to buy it 
@princessherb lol aww i always miss all the fun 
@MoBostock I didn't even hear from my eldest daughter  but I really didn't want them to bother...but they did anyway yay!!
All losers at BINGO tonight!  Mom had fun tho. Good thing- tomorrow we're doing her LEAST favorite thing and watching sports all day!
Just checked my bank account's balance. I don't even have enough to buy my mom a mothers day card 
@LakerGirl1 Without Yao, they don't have the height to stop Gasol / Bynum. Not much fun watching a layup drill... 
@digitalsecy Oh, and I'm sorry about your cold  That's never fun.  Hope you get well soon!
7.20 and there still runnin arwnd jus for fun. I really....really can't handle this ! 
is very disgruntled with viru tiwari for not turning up to shoot on time today!!!  he's 45 mins late already!!!
Going to the bar the night of MSU graduation made me sad/jealous that im passed that part of my life. i miss it the irresponsibility  
Argh up at 7.50 on a Sunday  Should be grateful for the habit of waking early but I quite fancied a lie in.
@amymantis Hate having to take my clothes off my bed first. Seriously. Unfortunately, I will not be in town. I leave June 5th for 10 wks 
I'm tired...We went shopping today! My legs hurt.  JONAS WAS AWESOME TONIGHT.
i think i have arthritis    is it even possible for a 16 year old to get arthritis???
@fearless911 i think they went away lol. I woke my friend up though, she wasn't happy 
IM GOIN BLONDLE AND I GIVE 2 FUCKS. ps... hi haterssss... and sorry mom i know cussin aint lady like. 
@frisbeelee I know  SoSO upset about it! Now we have to hope they can THRASH the bulls!!! ... Yipes!
@jseattle I know, I know  I don't do much with @iheartsea anymore. Sorry to be such a scraper. You have the most quality content. Looking.
Went to Chili's for dinner, ate to much got new earrings!! ... I hate my ear lobes  oh &amp; Happy Mother's Day to all the mums out there~!
@shaktijs @renu19 QUIET the two of you  My cupcake tins won't even fit in the oven, the darned tray is too big  *sobs inconsolably*
no lie in today  the dog needs walking even if it is at 6 - but what a stunning morning!
@MrTeagan  That is crap! Get well soon @MsTeagan! Hopefully it will pass overnight so you can enjoy your mother's day.
http://twitpic.com/4wm9r - Honestly, I'm jealous...daughter &amp; mother moment. 
He think he's sooooo slick!!! It's funny..... Too bad it's almost over wit 
I'm tired...We went shopping today! My legs hurt.  JONAS WAS AWESOME TONIGHT.
I think I'm going to have to retire the basketball shorts I've had for about seven years.  
happy mothers day to my mum...who is on the other side of the world  lol
@Marcftsk I have that app! Tour was awesome. Wish I couldve said bye to everyone. The venue pushed us out  you guys are awesome dudes!
@acidburn2121 im sry i make u so miserable and im sry im not ur baby 
Visiting the doctor @ evening 
so depressed.... found out Donnie has a gf! 
@ztnewetnorb og ... DAMN thats hard... idk LOL probs Bradie cos Brendon has Sarah... damn girl  so jealous.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms! I'm wondering why my baby boy hasn't called me yet??!! 
Yay the parson redheads is finally up.  Unfortunately their really really really really cute keyboard player is no longer with them 
@fighttheprocess saying stuff about my mum that therre glad shes dead and stuff.but i really dont know what to do 
@DOUGXFRESH  I'm on this stupid single train I couldn't even get a double decka  booooo wish I was there damnit mothers day lol
@o0vide0kid0o  well if you can come up to bmore with us my puppy will give you lots of loves even if she is stupid
canucks lose. boo..  time to cheer myself up with some JT on SNL. awesome! (except his &quot;chinese&quot; wasn't even close... but good try JT...)
I feel like it isn't fair that I can't buy my mother or my grandmother anything for Mother's Day.  
jealous of those at dmb right now... im at work  come visit!!
@prateekgupta I'm jealous because you probably get 100 channels of professional cricket! I only get day old video clips and still photos 
says this should be a happy day. pero im lurking on the nega things.  i hope the rest of the day goes well.... http://plurk.com/p/suy1u
@icwutudidtherr She steals my car more than I steal hers, so it's even. She took mine away this whole weekend 
Cos i do actually have quite a large head ... I want my dreads back ... oh ...  Then my head is even bigger!
Oh, let's be optimistic, Ann!   Happy Mother's Day!
Happy mommys day, wish my mami was here 
I.. I don't think I am really okay with the events that took place earlier tonight... mental scarring ftl.. 
I give you want you, and not ask for anything in return, but I just want hose three words I haven't heard in nearly seven months 
Dumb as hell... on my way back  Jon SUCKS! Love u Thash &amp; Tiff... Have fun girlies &lt;3 jEsS
@JoJoWright I am living in Hong Kong   Playing games right now, a boring game     Do you enjoy that concert?
prom was fun, my stomach hurts now though  bout to sleep
having a headache since last night. it's killing me. it won't go away.  happy mother's day btw. going to meet my mommy for lunch.
@1027KIISFM I always say next year, but this year you guys had an amazing lineup   I missed out!
Happy Mothers day.. R.I.P Grandma today makes a year 
felt compelled to post the most amazing composition ever on twitter to taylor swift. even though she'll probably never see it from me! 
bored my roommate has been on myspace for hours  no fun at all
@bunchafun_2007 awwww! that sounds painful! i'm sowwy 
Just woke up with a headache, recording loud electric guitars today is going to be fun 
 i'm so angry. I want to cry. I just an upset.
@nessa_d : Awww, that sucks!  Yes! It was AMAZING! Both hilarious and SO sad! Right after it I thought of it as the best ep so far.. ever!
@solangeknowles Did u enjoy the show in Paris ? You def. need to come back cos I missed this one  France loves you 
Glad to have 5 beers tonight, but i wanted more 
@crystalvision99 well, I did manage to laugh after I wiped out 2day. Losing my job - not funny 
I miss my mom  come back soon mom!!! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY love u so much!!!
Can't sleep  happy mothers day!!! I LOVE my mom 
@DrMegan81 Yeah I saw that one last night. Sad  Him even attempting it though was very commendable!
I'm getin' upset.... I want my pic up! 
@freecitysoul you're going to puerto rico?! im  so jealous! I haven't been since 05' 
@SaiGiddy AWWW MAN I AINT EVEN THERR 
@mrskutcher really enjoy the pictures you posted of tonight... None of you though? 
Damn I feel left out of all the star trek fun 
Freezing tonight - I'm flying to Dunedin in the morning and it's going to be even colder there 
@fashion_nugget didn't even bother to respond to R's questions 
@VoVat I get horny every seven minutes, so I guess Spock and I make a bad couple 
@alyandajfanatic ahh im sure!!! i wish i coulda been there   glad you had fun!! did you meet her??
@producerjacob Hi Jacob. Good for you to be able to go to 'The Big Weekend' In Prague I can listen but can't get iplayer  Enjoy! Cheers!
   IN an effort to bring you the best content we just added at lease 30 hours to the release of The digital Rapture.  soon... hang tight
So aly screams happy mother's day! Then hugs benny! Ugh. 
Doing uni work ohh the joy 
unfortunately not my last night here 
@wproof @Sanji @pem @myriam sunny sunny weather here, wont last 
@amanduh_paige  oh yea happy mom's day. i didn'y greet my mom. 
Off to bbsit on a gloomy Sun. morning after waking to find the water shut off in my apt-no shwer no teeth brushed, what a way to start. 
I didnt eat dinner. Im also upset cuz I was outbid in eBay auction 
@adoran2 I love asparagus and we've been eating loads lately.  Unfortunately no hallucinations for me.  
Holy crap I forgot how much I love Sufjan Stevens. Being over 50% Michigander, I'm not sure why I don't have all of the MI album, though. 
i cant even type this stupid paper...i lost my fucking remote....i need a drink like no other right now...i neeeeed sleep 
SO FUNNY. ))) The Cook / Archuleta ad says: Cook David Archuleta. ))) Poor David, he`s gonna get cooked.  Sizzle, sizzle. B-)
Still haven't finished through all this studying. Go, I look like a panda right now. Even the concealer can't help it. 
lazy gloomy sunday 
seriouslyyyyy... i really hate it when some agrooo meanie poo runs into u in soccer! it wrecks your fun!  and it makes u hurt!
Desperate to upload new things to dA, too busy with homework. 
@queenbmakeup your flyers are amazing! wish I could do that. i got lots to buy but noo money.  so sad.
Bubbled on second. Even for the night 
Man was awesome working with @tateland !!!! Looking forward to Saturdays even more now even though I'll be working almost all day 
thought of going to work the day after is making me upset 
So much fun with my girls!!! back hOme tired!! {I Miss Paris   &amp; Montreal in few days hehe}
Chris - so excited to see you and your kids this next week. only wish your wife could be there too 
I also like to wish a Happy Mother's Day for all Mom's pregnant and all Mom's adopting. Adopting can be such a long process! 
@suzanneyankovic Happy Mother's Day to you! It's not Mother's Day until October in Argentina, though 
@LOTUSJOSEPHINE I meant the Manny Paquiao comment in the most sincere way, sorry if you got offended.  i couldn't reply to your Direct Msg
Saturday night was fun!! haha we like being weird in public, and eating like pigs @ a resturant...I MISS MY GURL GABY NUNEZ THOUGH.... 
Got to go somewhere after all. Just got back from a bon fire but I have a tremendous headache  I had loads of fun though
@Dag_Intern Don't you dare lie. Really? Sorry if everyone already knew about this and I'm shocked. I've been detached from the internet. 
still cant fall asleep because of you.. even after all this time 
@MAMAHINA I know!! I think my boss forgot  have fun tonight! I hope I see u guys!
In desperate need of a new phone  . . . Any recommendations?
Prom was awesome, too bad I had a sunburn..  - Feet cut and killing:\
@elanorelle that's fab, I've always wanted to play an instrument but couldn't even master the keyboard! 
@selenagomez has been in vancouver for the past 3 weeks or so and i've been trying to see her since she got off the plane. SO NOT FAIRRR! 
Best day! Went on my boat with my besties! Tubing is sooo fun. Sunburnt 
Drysuit repaired; rebreather prepared; going diving. Flat calm but the water does look very green 
is loving the fact that it is sunny in London, and still raining in New York. Glad to be home, but still sad to be gone 
many of my children didn't wish me happy mother's day 
is really annoyed that shes working on derby day  and will be checking the score every 5 seconds
@Tuna I lodged last week happy about that but sad about the fact as to how much I will have to pay on Friday  downside of success = ATO
@maddieprior so far so good, its only her 2nd lot of wednesday so its still fairly new to us...her hair started to come out friday tho 
Celebrating mothers day without my wife 
I'm going to bed. just watched you me and depree, funny movie, and I am sad that the AP tour is over. what an amazing tour it was to. 
So much I want to do today but a load of housework needs tackling first  Why didn't the housework fairies visit in the night???
I'm becoming the first person to graduate college in my family today...AHHHHH!!....Bitter Sweet I don't want to leave 
Is in a relaxed mood, enjoyed my week off work, back 2mrw 
@P_Bhat no fair, why am i excluded ? 
@ZeeNemesis wow. 1. Mean. 2. I always want to hang out with u... 3. That's not fair... 
is sad she can't say even just the tiniest thing...  
Just had to wait for 3 ladies and one gent to leave the private restroom... But they all looked properly dressed &amp; unhapy  how unfortunate
tonight was amazing, completely amazing, 10 concerts in 1...going to bed! work at 830 am 
Saturday Night Live is not that funny any more 
i want to 'balik kg'. But this morning i got headache..so sad I cant go 'balik kg'. I even take a week leave already. 
fun dreaming. I'm off to bed an hour later than I told myself 
shit. no internet in dalmatia. can not twitt! sunny hvar, riva hotel, juice, espresso, nice people, almost no wind 
Packing everything to leave sunny Split... bye bye Vila Dalmatia 
@instruisto you are so awesome-wasn't a point-just expressing how fortunate you are-drives me nuts when I can't 
Thinking of sleeping..ACTUALLY SLEEPING? negative 
@DianaJoy arghh that makes me mad! stupid ppl  i hope it goes well and that person gets what he deserves!
I called my mom &amp; said happy mothers day(: &amp; all she said was &quot; okay, go to sleep&quot; 
I miss my awesome purple hair. 
The most awesome thing that could happen is getting home from long day and your front door causing a gash on the side of ur toe. Awesome 
@geosteph I totally missed your tweet earlier tonight!! I'm SOOOOO sorry!  Glad we caught up with you at the tweetup at 108!
@instruisto you are so awesome-wasn't a point-just expressing how fortunate you are-drives me nuts when I can't  http://ff.im/2L5u8
@raytoro lmao! im sorry bout that ray, i guess it is the future of gaming, the harsh reality i guess lol 
Not a happy Spurs fan this am - drunk captain Ledley King playing the big I am arrested outside a club last night. What an inspiration 
I wish i didn't care about you as much as i do. I wish i wasn't in love with as much as i am  but i can't help it. you make me happy.
OMG, I am here FINALLY!!! I was out and having fun tonight, forgive my absence  Let's get this!!
FREEEEEEEEEEDOM!!!! I got out of the house. OMG! It was amazing. Ran in the complex and got to the lower floor! Trapped, after hesitating 
man I don't want to work at 8:30am.   and I'm not even tired cause I slept all day.
Busy day, just got home and heard about Yao  @jmsultan Haha the part with the picture frame is hilarious, Lonely Island is awesome
Today I have a depressed @alaric becuase he is missing another geeky event he really wants and should be at aka #openhacklondon  sigh
@Blade21292 Thanks!  There's nowhere around here that will do it though even though it's basically the same as 35mm 
'ou can have whatever u like!...inly if u r mr killjoy or march21 ;)  btu fuck i don't want a man like either yet only wanna ride those 2 
@devyra haha you are definitely not a slacker. it makes me so sad when amazing writers just randomly stop writing 
I don't want school tomorrow  My 5 day weekend has been amazing. I LOVE DIERKS BENTLEY &lt;3
@wills19610 No  I hate it when you're ill and it's not even your fault! You're not allowed to complain about hangovers!
@Susan_BBA I just hope that our &quot;wonderful community&quot; (Ragnar) doesn't degrade into AoC's depth of... cruelty and malice...! 
get stuck with my PC from last night. it get freeze... I lost half of my data  even my internet satellite settings :-[
@JohnChow Unfortunately you are correct, they lost tonight 
@Hybrid_Analysis used to dj @ firestone back in the day (early 90's) ...scene there &amp; gainesville (simons) was amazing...now, not so much 
http://twitpic.com/4wpos - This is no fun  #finals
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY... AVRIAL CLOUD I LOVE YOU... EXPECT A CALL... AND  PLEASE DON'T CUSS ME OUT ABOUT YESTERDAYS CALL... PLEASE DONT... 
would wish @lorraineleong a happy mothers day...but she isnt following me on twitter  i'm only following her....i feel the love
As I lay my head down one last time in my house I can't help but think back to all the fun we've had. I will miss this place 
Sally and i made friends this weekend. Unfortunately the intrest is not mutual. But we made it awesome. I get to be 23 for 21 more hours 
...my joy was short lived to about 3am 
@jasonmitchener happy abt ur neck.. sry bout ur dad... my dad died from emphasema... he was a lifelong smoker...  it wasnt in his sleep 
/me is 26 today...and Happy mom's Day to me... 
CALLIN IT A NIGHT....WISH I WOULD'VE HIT THE TOWN AND GOT MY DRINK AND DANCE ON!!  Happy Mommies Day to all the Wonderful loving Mommas!!
@Ember_xoxox Unfortunately not. They aren't answering the hotel phone! 
Now the course material is asking the student to find examples that support Hofstede's work. Yay critical thinking &amp; scientific method! 
Just woken up and have been commanded to study, which usually I'd agree with- but of's sooo sunny outside  I feel a thunderstorm later
Why is EVERYTHING funny to drunken frat guys, and in need of mega-loud laughter??? 
happy mother's day. my mommy (and pops) is boarding a plane to seattle, then a ship to alaska. i wish she'd be hanging w/ me instead 
Kids rather lively this morning. The word boisterous comes to mind. Boisterous and breakfast do not good companions make. 
@mandagoforth me bad! It's funny though. Zachary Quinto is only there for a few though.  &amp; to reply just put the @ symbol before the name!
@TeeSaid Lol. You still better have your voice for Epik High. I dont think I'm up for it  concert is in less than a week &amp;I'm not excited.
Not a good start to the day. Bacon ready then found bread had developed mould overnight  At least I can enjoy a cuppa in the sun
@danielradcliffe hehe bless you, what adventures will be happening today? i have a wonderful day in tesco  every little helps
I miss and love you mommie!! Happy mothers day you all, don't forget to call your mums. It's hard when your unable too. 
@KodinLanewave lol did you enjoy your shower? Its cold out. I had to turn my heat on  
@LucD22 Ahhhh, having fun ? I dont have any kit to play with it on 
Having pasta 4 dinner. Played soccer today and got absolutely smashed not happy  anyway, Happy Mothers Day Mum xo
upset! i can't text jessica 
@shuuro Glad you enjoy the Hawaiian music. I will try to share more, but notice that many of my favorites are not available at the site. 
@TeeSaid Yeah, I guess. If Untouchable was there I would be happy. I'm still sad about the KMF though 
@njloca I recall you drinking as well! So shut up. I didn't even feel anything.  lol
@TravisGarland-Hey--NLT was frigin awesome---I got my sisters hooked on you guys--im soo sad- 
Im soo not happy 
 SRK has some health problem in this movie which he can't tell to even his closed ones.. I can so much relate to this..
Happy Mothersday. Great sunny weather in Augsburg/Germany. But work today sucks... 
@aliciaway that must be awesome. I love shooting stars 
Would like to process some tasks from pinax, unfortunately I must learn for my final examination 
Why do I feel so depressed today? 
Head has been hurting since yesterday evening. That makes me sad. 
getting a bit sick of sundays  or rather the person i work with bring back my lisa i miss fun sundays 
was this a desperate cry for attention? i need to find a new addiction to replace this old, fading, tired fix.  and STOP overthinking.
@JessMcFlyxxx yeah exactly its just disrespectful  have fun tonight  are you taking a banner? x x
oh. Mininova has lost a lot of content... 
Thoughts of 'lovely sunny day' have been interrupted by the explosion of dog crap all over the courtyard. I have an unwell dog me thinks 
a lil irritated that I just got this lip gloss today, dropped the cap in the dark, only to not find it, and now I have capless lip gloss 
@Amillion2one  That sux   I don't have alot of pasta but I really enjoy it when I do .
frustrated 
Going to church and celebrating Mother's Day at home with children and grandchindren.  Missed women's conference yesterday  HMD!
@hanloosschilder i know i was so annoyed :@ and it was our last packet so i had no choice but to eat it 
@JonathanRKnight hope you enjoy your day. Don't just the koi pond. Enjoy a day w/ your mother. I wish I could spend it w/ my mom -rip 
is depressed for some reason. 
Wanting this tomorrow and monday to pass fast!  then try to enjoy an interval of tues-thurs before the big scary day 
@jesseowen belated happy returns, must have missed that on FB  Sorry!  Hope you had a fab day and the affiliate commission fairy visited!!
@sinfulsignorita from home, yes unfortunately.Presentations on Tues/Wed,and some idiots held up my prep last week, so I gotta catch up 
Transmission 1.60 for OSX seems to be highly unstable  Reverted to 1.52.
loved last week.... such a wonderful week, but sad it ended!  
Fairly disappointed at frisbee loss... 
i am so tired i feel hung over this is not fair seeing as a rarely drink 
Tonight was fun. Brokeback Dennys boys! soo tired. I can't believe its over 
im just back from armin van buuren's event it was freakin awesome but the scary thing is that i saw more than 10 ppl dying of overdose 
I feel bad for the people who don't have mothers in their life today  Happy mothers day though.
@__mares__ me toooo  glad these pjs have lots of room lol
Happy Mother's Day!  I gotta go to work! 
bloody hell the initial sunny start is gradually disapearing behind a grey curtain of cloud, great 
And then it faded into Bittersweet Symphony..  ... And then it crapped out 
I'm so depressed, the scholarship test was yesterday  Now I have to go to selective or it's off to Westfield's Sports H.S for me 
Alternative medicines Vs conventional medicine... Wow how much fun is that going to be to research  blergh, school sucks!
has a flat tire lame ass boyfriend i have is passed out doesnt even know whats going on 
Gonna catch some ZzZz's. Good night twits. Tomorrow is a day for enjoying with the person who gave birth to you. Your Mom. &amp; AP studying 
I have to rant now, but no spoilers for supernatural, torchwood, or star trek! Promise! Lol XD So, im upset about sam &amp; dean in spn... 
@Cubikmusik i can't even wipe the hard drive  wont recognise the drive when i insert OS V CD  weird!! no data on drive so no issue
FUCK FUCK FUCK... im upset 
Today is just awful  My Skin was Un-Featured  I am so depressed, I really want to go out and do something fun 
@ericalyns im so sad i couldnt be your cup this weekend  but i hope you had helllla fun
#SanctuarySunday @sez101 yeah, we had seven yesterday, but I can only find two and a quarter (lol) today 
@Isil_Loves_Mcr Well I guess they can't follow some fans and not others... it would be unfair 
Trying to write down my study objectives, I just so damn hard. 
It's a nice sunny day out and I will be spending it inside listening to a  crappy Nick &amp; Simon concert  ..atleast I'm getting paid!
MORNING! fun night out last night, work soon booo! 
@Foomandoonian ehhhh no. Oh no, I'm harsh aren't I?! 
@lyssamia yeah, like Miles isn't making a funny face, and the other one discolors everything but Krystal's hand.....then yours too 
Trying to write mu study objectives. It's just so hard. 
Looking at Chelly and glad she's in my life. I never want her to grow up but i know it'll happen  lol
@HollywoodTan2U http://twitpic.com/396us - i'm so jealous!  the only motorcycle i have is the one on my keychain.  
its sunday! sunny day but im working! 
camp was amazing. can't believe it's over. 
misses him. yet he is just out having fun.. 
@cragnet I'm dreaming of an E90 replacement too ... N97 looks like just an enhanced 5800  - Must confess I'm happy with a lighter and ...
@RedAntiques   Poor you.  being un-grumpy is so much more fun x
@lostfunhouse why so emo. . .? 
http://twitpic.com/4wr7k - weight gain food, tht didnt even mak me gain weight  this is at claim jumpers!
@shamim86 @Lassam I guarantee it will be an eventful week! poor Shamers 
@joyceeli I didn't have Roscoe's  I was just craving it lol
My cat thinks I have a funny-looking face...  
@LeonMIchael Happy birthday! I love you. Wish I could see you. 
Its so sunny today, i dont wanna be stuck inside 
Beautiful sunny day. And I have to spend it with my mother in law. What a waste 
@joshalexanderr fair enough. i havent had those in ages. now i want mcdonalds hashbrowns damn it 
Why people write business-critical emails on Saturday evening about what to do on Sunday? Weekend is about the family isn't it? 
is time to put on that nerd glasses and dusty books back  btw Happy Mother's Day 
Watching Death Note! L died last week  Enter: Near and Mello! Matsuda is funny XD
I had one and a half glasses of wine last night and I feel fuzzy and rough. This is clearly unfair 
I'm very upset that I have work tomorrow  lol
i should be really glad that i'm back home right?! but i'm not too  and im weary i wanna sleep but the family's having dinner elsewhere 
There is nothing like a Chianti hangover, well maybe Rioja  - not even Nurofen can dull it's relentless onslaught 
i really want a bf im so bored of being alone... its not as fun all by yourself... 
@cherryxhime awesome to hear. I am freaking exhausted. and still 206 tweets away from my goal. 
@bradiewebbstack :O OMG JEALOUS MUCH U REPLY TO HER  OMG OMG OMG ILY HEAPS PLZ JUST ONE WORD *or more ..... most likely more* PLZ 
@pfspleen Shiny? No. Magpie-related holes? Yes 
@Sims_Galore Cant wait!! love sims had collected 1st and second sims series.. but with moving had no room for them so had to sell them 
i like it how i am now broke after splurging on my mother, and can't even afford to get my hair done  oh how being selfless is hard
@iluvbarney LOL check net-a-porter. Wonderful shoes, obscene prices 
DAMN IT THE BRONCOS LOST JUST BY 2 PTS  GOOD ON YA TODD FOR WINNING A SILVER LOGIE AWARD. YAY! HAD AN AWESOME MOTHER'S DAY.
Did something I regret tonight  ugh and work in like 5 hours. Goodnight. Happy to be in my own bed tonight!
@Nakpangi no prob. Gotta enjoy the movie nites while I can. Soon you'll be moving off into the wild blue yonder  bitter sweet
Revising  what fun; but like Harvey says &quot;short term pain = long term gain&quot; ;) silly cow
@bradiewebbstack :O OMG JEALOUS MUCH U REPLY TO HER  OMG OMG OMG ILY HEAPS PLZ JUST ONE WORD *or more ..... most likely more* PLZ 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/336u5 - too bad she got eliminated !!!  get her for your seventeenth birthday
@K2_is_my_prince plsss and sorry if i offended u before, didnt mean to 
chillaxin and then off to work. oh joy 
Xmen! Awesome! I wonder who is next. I wish they had more Gambit scenes. 
Sylar is so awesome! But he died naa 
urggggg so beat. luwow was awesome ;) next week is the last pic meeting  lovethatbigfamily lol
@galaxyhappyman booooo! I have coffee at work but it's stinky decaff 
@stewartjkristen Thanks Kristen really appreciate you pointing out the posers. seems like that's the trend now unfortunately 
im going to make the most of this sunshine and go play tennis in the park! dont even know why im updatuing this i have 0 followers BOOOO! 
has been flooded with memories most of this past evening and middle of the night. 
What a nice day  sunny outside  Stuck inside revising , ohh fun 
Nothing to do outside when its sunny 
@timlovejoy Bagpuss on the show, are you trying to kill me? I HATE him, I properly have a fear! 
@TonyPepperFan not very funky 
well im enjoying the weekends while they last, mondays come round for too quick  going to see baby ruby today then just chill!!!!!!
Don't want to wake up when I have those amazing dreams! Want to dream again, just jump right in to where I was and continue.. 
@FunkyPaul I have to have tea 
Wats wrong wit me? 6am and i cant sleep... i aint even sleepy. everythings off... i just lay here... this is not good... i miss u  ~Ne ...
Wats wrong wit me? 6am and i cant sleep... i aint even sleepy. everythings off... i just lay here... this is not good... i miss u 
office on sunde..specially when mausam is awesome..sucks 
@brittgow re-Edublogs TV it isn't unfortunately as we are waiting for an outside company to do the coding for us 
A relaxed mind is a focused mind unlike my peripatetic mind 
is happy that she is getting her freeview fixed, but is confused by all the technical words 
My neck is still killing from Mcfly  and my ribs are hurting  urgh lolll.But it was amazing.Dougie Poynter jumped on me!... &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
loves the Jonas Brothers new song Paranoid but is annoyed at Itunes cos it isn't working again and I can't download Paranoid 
@AshbooNV that's why eventually  u will go down there and showem what it made of!!! And show em how it's really done!!
@kwerky morning now why aren't you outside enjoying this fine day ??? Cos knowing our luck it's going to rain later 
@simonscarfe We planned on it then got too excited and forgot 
@Abbiedizzle9 yo yo yo! why the fuck are you all the way over there  im not happy about this and the fact that I'M NOT THERE GETTING HELLA
@joyfuljeni-Apple blocking some songs from syncing to a non-apple device....  Cant we all just get a long???
: HAPPY MOTHER's day again! I love my MOTHER so MUCH! I miss her.  http://plurk.com/p/svuc8
Really shouldn't be youtubing recent NIN tour footage, it's making me depressed 
this weekend was heaps crap  plus, school tomorrow, fantastic.
didn't even get a mothers day card...  lets see if i get a birthday card tomorrow
@ILOVETHEHAWK Its also knows as glandular fever (http://tinyurl.com/cfq82u) I got ill about 2 weeks ago, still feeling miserable 
@ndaustralia YAY! didnt know you had twitter! SO effing jealous of you going to the US to see ND 
Not happy... Been scammed '30 from my Bank Account for an O2 PREPAY. Bank are investigating now!!! 
so glad the sun is shining a little today - have the perfect outfit but no shoes 
happy mothers daaaaaaay! so bad my mama isn't here with me now 
@JoieElectric Im so sad and depressed that this time last sunday we would've been gatehanging for mcfly and we saw neil i miss him ha 
don't you just hate it when you're talking to someone on MSN and they don't respond for ages and you think you've made them upset 
Happy Mothers Day! so bad my mama isn't here with me now 
@circelilith me want a kitty that isnt named Guy  so jealous!
Happy Mothers Day mamaaa! so bad my mama isn't here with me now  love you mommm,hope you're home sooon! xo
Really stressing over finding a house  Then I think about the world and realise how lucky I am to even have a choice and opportunity...
Testing unhappy robut now 
@Shady76 relationships are hardwork, that is what's with the sad face  me = frustrated, stressed, and sooooooooo behind on work
i want the weekend back  friday night was amazing, and yesterday was just (L), danny jones = love.
R.I.P. Coach Daly. What an absolutely miserable day for basketball. 
happy #mothersday. although it isn't very happy on my end. with the swine flu and all. 
I am not a masochist but I was so obsessed with T. for so many years and this Mariqueen thing is upsetting me now 
had a fantastic weekend started off with my best friend getting an i.d going to sorry grandma and not working! woohoo now school tomorrow 
I miss my mommy!  So sad I can't be with her on this day. *Happy Mother's Day* to all the mothers out there! What would we do without you?
packin isnt suceful. ii havnt even strtd  yet i have a wk. i hve hayfever  its anoyin GRRRRR! nd i cnt tke anythin cuz ill hve an ova dose
how is it sunday already? i didn't even get a cream pie 
I SLEPT THROUGH THE END FOR DUCK DRESS ON EBAY   NO FAIR. *traces down buyer and steals dress* lol
@philippawarr Have an AWESOME time. Sorry I can not be there  Please say hello to the tapirs for me xXx
wondering whether or not house of night will come out w/ something new  im desperate!!!!!
@the_4th_floor This is a bit unfair to make all your videos to UK residence only.. 
@reidness me too. not exactly the bestest thing to be doing on a *sunny* weekend. (sunny = as if.)  
listening to radio 1 as  didnt get tickets  and i live in swindon (gutted).  excited to hear ne-yo and n-dubz though.
I can't believe I'm rehearsing on a Sunday. These are desperate times. I want to be in my bed playing Harvest Moon 
@naataalieee I think coz I asked too late. LOL. Like you did with fair. And then we had argument. Mum wouldve let me go 
@MzJacqueline I know  I need to start ignoring his text messages, I'm sure he'll get the hint sooner or later. Love you. Happy Mothers Day
Good mornin!! Happy mothers day. Off to work  mommies shouldnt work today!! Especially not at 5:20am lol
@Gabriellala awesome action movie and actors: but disappointed about the alternate reality BS. No more Vulcan, 2 Spock.... confused 
@Kit_Kat1990 I'm so annoyed coz I wanned to run it agen but no1 to go wiv coz evry1s too lazy! or not in the country 
so hungry.  my parents are on holiday- didn't even give flowers or sth to my mom 
@michaelgrainger If I had time to beg, I wud. I have 2 go to work. Happy Mother's day to me! I'll have a better time there probably! 
@DavidRHaslam really can't wait to watch Star Trek! You guys who watched it make me jealous 
is sitting in a HUGE library trying to make myself do some work! Only a month tday left..I need to get of Twitter and get working!.. fun 
back from walking the dog-upset as all the sun has gone 
@thefreeboxer j'arrive pas ' le faire le easter egg 
hehe twitters awesome. im a celeb stalker :$ watching harpers island ad.. SCARYY!! 
@amytranxo aww no fair! I don't have any of that at work 
07:26 am. fucking cold! traveling now  happy mother's day and see you guys tomorrow! Xx
Mum and dad on their way to the airport. So jealous 
@BenWay08 bit hard wen he isnt even talking to me anymore  i think im outta luck
@davewongillies yes dave... i keep setting the alarm at 7.30 - 8am but keep turning it off  so hopeless!
is at work. Again. Ed has gone climbing with Daddy today - another fun day I've missed out on 
3is sitting in a HUGE library trying to make myself do some work! Only a month tday left..I need to get off Twitter and get working!..fun 
My doggie was sick today from eating too much food  happy mothers day! I love my mummy.
@MODwife I only just saw this! it was great entertainment but yes sat night tv is always slightly sad, even more so when watching alone 
I have laryngitis - so unfair!! wonderland has turned into a nightmare 
A series of exams over the next month  Its just so super, duper fun!
Neo-pirates are only cool if they're broadcasting awesome music 
@ work waaayyy 2 early... good... gives me time 2 take a quick nap. Anotha runnin event 2day  ijuswannasleep
@Timbzy Funeral just killed me so hard 
working... life is not fair 
I think my phone is done! I mean broke  Anyway Happy Mothers day MOM! Moms are the best!
Getting really tired of all this traveling!  Not even enough time for Church on Sunday's! 
Happy  Missing you  Sleepy  Loving you 
Leaving NC  off to Chicago! I'm excited to see my guy!
Awoke at 11:11, Regina hath blessed this day. Now I must buy Mr Muscle- cleaning day 
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers!! XD... just watching the tely.. no good showss.... bummer... 
miss all the fun, most importantly. I miss him  http://plurk.com/p/sw1xw
@jonathanrknight dont forget to hug ur mom ;-) Happy Mothers day 2 her as well.I will cyber hug my mom later.shes so far away.i miss her 
Happy Mother's day to all you guys...I am missing my mumma...(i'm away from home) 
Not feeling well again... Heartache hurts much...I don't even know who's the cause...but I'm feeling down 
@sspideymann Everything was wiped  even my vids... the funny thing is the only things that wernt wiped were the twilight notes XD
lalalalalal in 12 hours the concert will be over  lol,im happy though ;D xox
At the airport in ATL... Time to head back to the D! Man o man... I'm upset I left my blueberry muffin in the rental car 
@jesszlatos you miss me? oh really huh..haha! i miss you too. i miss you so much jess!  even though i want to get on,i really cant..(
have so much to do for school...jealous of all the stars who can take private lessons 
Mother's Day!  Too bad i'm just getting off work &amp; 2 tired 2 enjoy it... 
@DailyMusicGuide Wish i was  Line-up looks soooo good this year but instead i have the fun of coursework and revision lol
is annoyed that all his Google bookmarks have mysteriously and spontaneously disappeared   time to re-visit Delicious...
last round in the dutch soccer league  about to enjoy Feyenoord - Roda JC
good evening my lovely followers. i seem to have lost about 10 of you since i last checked  what did i say?
I'm upset there's no pingpong tomorrow 
my girlfriend is in Italy for a week visiting grandparents. Amazing for her but I miss her too much already. I'm like a lost little puppy 
@sugalily Morning hun. I know. I'm so annoyed that people do that 
I'm so bad with plants I can't even keep African Violets which are supposed to be really easy to maintain... 
finding it difficult to fire up my interest in the Chelsea / Arsenal game today. My enjoyment of football taken a beating 
Happy mothers day  ugh sick...school tomorrow  watched E!News, keeping up with the kardashians and dreamgirls 
@DDsD I'm jealous. I want to see but no one will take me. 
@DidierStevens 'Terrasjes' on the 'zeedijk' are her only option, but this WE, we are not at the beach. 
@taupecat That's, unfortunately, how the Caps seem to roll when it comes to the Penguins and the playoffs 
I want to see new Star Trek. It seems everyone is talking about it on Twitter. However, even I can watch it here, it will be in Chinese. 
i made a playlist for my mom i wasnt supposed to cry.  tears of joy i will always love and appreciate my mom!!!!!!!!!
@freaknique  not funny!!!damn i really need a shot of adrenaline right now
Never been so happy to be Irish.  http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/environment/article6231301.ece Poor Sabrina 
is dead from staying up till 6am two nights in a row.  had so much fun with Sofia, Stephanie, Diana, Jackie, Jordan and Bea!
Forgot to say this earlier today: I LOVED LOVED LOVED the Dollhouse final. I reallyy hope it gets renewed - even though the odds are low. 
ahh happy mothers day! my internet is still down  so I'm just tweeting via phone. l promise ill get back to fan mail when I'm online again
@AmazinglyMeInt hmm i was considering it. dunno what her prob is. overtired? one cheek is super red 
Alton towers yesterday was amazing  Well tired today and my legs ache  but still deffo worth it 
@genne Sounds fun, but I'm on Mac/Ubuntu right now 
Its May... Why is it so damn cold?! Stop with the doomy gloomy weather please 
@the_prodigy have fun - wish i could have been there  - any +1's spare? ;) :p
weekend's over which means back to the boarding house which also means school tomorrow , full day. what fun . 
@WullieTalksPish there was a chance I could stagger into oncoming traffic. I'm so hungover  watching Jen play godfather is funny though!
@CazMuntiFlumple Hhaha! yes i did i went to see them in ipswich, im depressed this time last sunday i would've been seeing them  you?
We're in the middle of a power outage   It's been out since aroud 11:15 last night. Happy Mothers Day.
i miss my BFF keith ambers, i wish i can visit him soon in australia, im not contented with these im's and phone calls, come bck keith 
@RiRiFenty yea britney is cool!!! gol my sister is going to barbados next week im soo jealous!!! loll 
@Angel_Christine yeah I know  ugh, it's so not fair and we get nada but they get all the fun and get to see our guys 
@huwstephens I am very jealous 
@malevolentlala I can only get coffee out of mine. I don't even like coffee. 
@dasme I also really enjoyed the #Dollhouse finale, but I won't be satisfied if it ends like that.   #SaveDollhouse
Still up ! But gettin sleepy I still don't feel good.....  I want my baby ! And happy mothers day !!!!! And to my mommy hope u get better
@IsaBirnie Sorry to hear that Isa. It's no fun at all. 
Wow it's hot today....had to come back in to get some air conditioning time. Thought I had peaked at redness, but no, no even redder 
rove! he's not the funniest guy on earth but the show is awesome! i have to youtube it because we dont have channel 10 here 
At home!! Yeah its 6:18am! My dad will b mad at me 4 take the party to long!!  bit ot was awesome! Lol
@Lilylauren i have been trying to get some decent ones for 6 months. have been SO crap - even over summer 
@GarveyBen im jealous of your being able to one not fall over and two afford the gym  well done tho!
..I hate them a little bit. Or a lot bit. She is my favourite flatmate and it upsets me to see her upset 
at work. on my break. soooo tired and even moreso over these people. ugh! have to work 12 hrs tomorrow  id rather die
@CherylColeUK i'm so disappointed it ended their incredible streak of consecutive hits 
schoool tomorrow? fun? i dont think so 
Just remembered that next week is season finale of Supernatural  , but now Star Trek time and Happy Mothers day all mums!!!
I also really enjoyed the #Dollhouse finale, but I won't be satisfied if it ends like that.   #SaveDollhouse (via @grimmy_efg)
@Mclovin094 argh i know. i hvent even stated my homework. and i didnt study AT ALL today  jghsdjsd
@_Alectrona_ Just seen it and no unfortunately not 
Laying in bed all night coughing your lungs up and not getting any sleep is not fun. Why do they only get that bad at sleep time 
Happy Mother's Day all.  Weather looks iffy here today- overcast and wet.  I have to work today anyway. No gardening done here! 
My Mom is annoyed and sad on Mother's Day  This is not right, it's not what I expected!!
Naxx is pretty fun, but my guild can't seem to clear it! 
Critical reflections are boring. 
@LittleBitTwistd I've misse you too, no fun floating in the stratosphere by myself 
@becstar_ omg. That's awful!!! Even when I got plastic dinosaurs I didn't do that  (((((hugs)))))
Lovely day today! At work from 10 to 5  can't be here for mothers day  happy mother's day
been watching 'kitchen confidential' TV comedy based in a restaurant kitchen,a few recognisable faces. Fantastic show, only 13 eps though 
@Lilylauren omfg that sounds brilliant... pity I don't have either at the moment 
tonite= epic failure x 10!! do the math. basically    &amp; got stuck @ a 17 year old house party in a Suit! WTF?! tht was fun! ......N ...
im very upset that short stack didnt even say happy b.day to me  @andyclemmensen @shaundiviney @bradiewebbstack im going to bed now. x
Twelve hours of work today oh joy 
Leaving for the wedding. EXCITED! Grrr rain 
is so not taking this anymore after i've done nothing this wat i get!! n they dont even tell me the truth n reason!! 
@ndaustralia thats awesome! My stupid job &amp; its shitty pay  havent bought any L.A.M.B in almost a year!
the concert was amazing ;), but i totaly blu it with her 
I can't do this  Me = very very upset!
i'm watching video's of the taylor swift concert i missed and it looks so amazing   next time for sure 
Fuuck, why cant I live in LA?! I got invited to a movie premiere  For what I think will be an awesome movie! Wish I could have been there!
Happy Mothers Day all. Hope you get/got some nice things today. My children have decided once again I'm not worth it. 
Off to church w/dad...still in mourning for my Mason jacket but  Happy Mothers Day again!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all Kind of a sad day for me first one without my own mother who died just over 2 months ago now 
Enjoying mother's day without seeing my mother... 
Happy Mothers Day 2 all the MOMS out there. DADS, try and give the baby MOMS a day off ! If u can ...... I can't, I'm BACK 2 work 
@Meech13 This unfortunately strikes a chord in NW currently, with the potential election of 'Nazi' Nick Griffin to the EP next month... 
Barrichello to win the #f1 today. I really want Kubica to place, he's a fantastic driver. Damn, why can't I watch it. 
Another fantastic meal to greet me. Slept like a rock last night, must've been the margaritas! Up at 5a today though...can't fall asleep 
@shaunjumpnow aw poor shaun  did you have fun yesterday?? xx
@chimamex Did you try Firefox, Safari or IE? Lunascape and Sleipnir are unfortunately not supported at this time... 
@hmtangx yay i'm excited!! but that spoiler better not be true... 
does not enjoy living in a messy house or cleaning mess 
@arrrtstarrr I'm sorry I missed your party  Was it amazing? Does everyone remember nothing? I like when everyone remembers nothing.
todays really sunny and I'm stuck indoors because I'm ill 
@BethRosen Glad she's still excited abt college &amp; summer internship-Philidelphia, If they loose passion it's hard   I'm her cheerleader!
Awws dont talk about Fernando retiring EJ!!!!! Its gonna make me depressed 
had an awesome night last night.. but im illlll 
@oleuanna I am at work unfortunately.  
Podcasts are a brilliant invention!  I forgot to record The Archers omnibus for my Mam.  Oops!  
Happy Mother's Day, mommy.  Hope you like the card and matching apron and potholder set. I know it's a poor substitute for your son. 
I'm soooooooooo depressed I want to be in a band sooooooooooooooo badly. 
@therealprincess oh no, i got that message after I just ate it all - I'm not even joking!  I'll let you know in advance next time!
Thank you zack and Halley for the mothers day wishes. Miss you both!!  Big girls messed their pen big time. Dad's not happy about it. 
Watching the GP, enjoying the sun, doing revision 
Needs a darn body massage.  Happy Mother's Day! Wish I coukd spend it w/ my mommy but doesn,t seem like its gonna happen - plan failed 
disliking how sunny it is when stuck inside 
being at work for 10 hrs straight. bad idea. damn mothers day rush. and i didn't even see my mummy today 
Damn MSN, the video call sound is all up the wall, can't even talk to each other - why I have no idea as I'm not technical enough 
dads was fun. now home again by myself 
@lukegrimesnet Can't fricken wait! Still sad that Julia is gone  And I kinda hate that Kitty's affair is over.
@stueybrock Have fun! Seriously wish i could join you. Unfortunatley an article on barnicles takes priority 
@seanmurphy1981 jealous. i tried to make a sausage sarnie, but no bread and the sausages are really frozen 
@snedwan crap so annoyed over hour and half my best is hour 16  told by physio yest not to do it so least I finished
I need to revise :/ ....... ........ No fun! 
Revision for exams arnt fun  But if my I-pod worked it would be a tad more bearable.
@LaBelleMusik Hey Lele! LOL.  I saw part of you guys live show last nite.  You all are hilarious.  All the negative comments sucked tho. 
Sorry not been on much. Son was sick 4am this morning  he has his SATS this week coming as well. Best go and do some tidying up - joys!
last part of shipwrecked.  liam is a bit of a dickhead to be fair. :p
This week in terms of assignments is going to be shit. Glad not going on cruise cos then I'd have to finish everything by tomorrow night 
Good morning, happy mothers day! Long day of travel ahead, and hours of precalc awaits me 
@heidimontag Spent it watching the Hills marathon while stuck in rainy old Dublin  We're so behind on episodes its not funny!
I'm just about to enjoy, A cup of hot lemon and honey drink...unfortunatly I have a cold 
Camilla is a gorgeous girl! she's lucky to be with Joe!  jealous me??? ... Hell Yes!
collected my free tv... Its alot bigger than I thought it would be.... so big in fact, I can't get it out of my car! 
@tvtongeren Welcome to the club of 30somethings  to which I unfortunately don't belong any more ... 
Is upset I cant load a photo 
Revising for exams.. not fun.. have no idea what im doing 
had good fun with megan yesterday... not feeling good today 
making travelers pie number two and its not even for me 
Happy Mother's Day.  Scott's off to Dallas, I'm off to NYC to start Hilarie's apartment move out.  No Komen Race for me today 
@suhaila I'd be happy about that except other symptoms of getting older include forgetting things, crapping your pants, and dying 
@1indienation probably.. i had one of mine removed even though i had the artists permission.. 
@KeriStevens oh no...happy bleaching then 
had fun at the ball game last night....now I have to work on mothers day  boo
On my way to work   But on a happier note happy mother's day to all the twitter mommas and baby mammas!!!!!!
is still revising  lots and lots and lots to learn... very jealous of all the lucky AIBers
@thefuriousb Not sure fella. Not even got the time to even go and look for something else (let alone find the cash). Poor car 
@catiams hahaha yeh he really seemed excited. i really was laughing out load when i saw danny did that. haha we'll have to wait hun  xx(L)
@IrishLad585 Yeah going home for Summer on Thursday, need to get a job and make some money!  Enjoy your day! 
Good morning! Even though it's afternoon... I hate sleeping in this late, but it was necessary 
my new MacBook Air is brilliant. Why didn't I do this sooner? But won't learn pages mid assignments. Will still need 3kg laptop to finish 
Late for work  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
@xaoife thanks lol il probli b in school though... its nt fair while im doin tests ur listenin 2 Elbow 
Wont sleep til i kno my lil cousins ok.  but happy mothers day to all my friends mommies!
having fun yesterday with darls to ecp.. but we dint eat seafood 
Dammit! Found a place that looks awesome but it' s at Revesby! That's no good 
Woke up so happy now i'm lonely 
Watching Formula One, and my fave driver got kicked out in the first lap. Not happy! 
kid vomit...dog vomit...happy mothers day 
@DHughesy disgusted to admit i have done 3 cans of 'mother' on a couple of occasions lately. thats 1.5ltrs  cant be healthy
Church then lunch then stuff?? no soccer  happy mothers day though =D
sigh. another eventing death  RIP Bailey Wick (Pdutty is apparently ok physically)
@JudyObscure Wish it was sunny here 
@triblondon I couldn't buy any 'Happy Mothers Day' for you because you can't even afford one   Woe!
Happy Mother's Day, Mom.  I miss you every day!  
happy mothers day to me. now both kids have the flu and i'm starting to feel pretty icky. 
Happy Mothers Day!!!! to all the lovely mothers in the world including my own....i gotta work today so i can't be home 
I have nobody to talk to since @captainfromCDU and @downesy started their twitaffair 
@StephanieBlews Yeah, I've been coughing and hacking even worse than I was  I have a million bug bites and I feel miserable
@thedevilicious how long did you run for? I can't even manage ten mins  xxx
Prom was fun, I can't sleep amymore,my legs hurt, I'm upset about not getting pics done 
petition schmetition... what we need is a council that is supportive of independent business. just a bit a fairness .. f'ing fatcats 
Happy Mothers Day! Working 11 hours....    
Played 1-2 limit hold em' last night, no fun clubs  gotta be 21 Was up $12 @ one point, then the dealers switched LOL fun night overall
no fair i wanted to stay for forever 
A restless night with tummy ache is a BAD prep for a long day of graduation events. . . . 
bored cuz no one is awake lol even nobodys on myspace  txt it
It's my Birthday tomorrow! :-D I'm soOoOoOoOo excited!! Shame I have to go to school..... 
Happy Mother's Day Mom!!  I love you soooooo much!  I wish I didn't live so far away from you 
Happy Mothers Day everyone. Getting ready for early church then I'll be moving my furniture into storage 
I like what you say..i'm so sorry if you are angry with me now   it wasn't my intention   i'm so sorry..
Happy Mother's Day!  I'm going to work for 5 hours because I wasn't on the ball enough to ask for it off 
just checked my bank account, now i'm lonely AND DEPRESSED. wish I hadn't spent so much money last night 
I suck at drawing a map, or even just laying a map out. 
ugh, why did i wake up?! i only slept for total 5 hours  feeling so weak right now...HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY &lt;3 ilymom.
i have game cds on my desk, but just dont feel like playing them. The games coming nowdays seem to have lost the fun factor 
Amazing Zombie make-up: http://www.flickr.com/photos/vermininc/3515450356/  Missed out on the event yesterday.  Bummer!
Trying to think of a good reason not to study and enjoy the good weather.... Can't really think of one.. 
is back in sunny hull... With sunburn  but has donuts. WIN
@AkashaTheKitty *pets you* drabble troubles  ...  Happy Mother's Day ;D
I wish I was there  Soooo amazing! http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio1/bigweekend/2009/artists/florenceandthemachine/
1133 words so far on literature and film essay. booya. i haven't even started talking about the films yet... i do enjoy english 
I'd say something thoughtful, but I'm not feeling the best. Great birthday, (thanks baby) too much margarita and food makes Lauren sick 
ARent you supposed to get one bag free?   upset!
I'm too afraid to even comment on her video or page in case she thinks i'm an absolute freak, i think i best just leave it 
Going to visit with my mom! Happy mothers day! And then doing CATS one last time....my last musical at south columbus ever 
Nice to tweet everyone, even though no-one has tweeted back!! Story of my poor little life!! Am going now   (Am joking really)
@stfumichelle :O:O:O:O:O:O I'M FUCKING JEALOUS! JB SAID THE SHIPMENT HADN'T COME YET SO I HAVNT GOT IT YET  -CRIES- I WANT IT SO BAD
Got so much to get through today and I have a sore ear  Oh, the joys of stress! had the weirdest dream last night!
Oh no, people look pissed off.  BE HAPPY FOR YOUR FRIEND GREG
Not going to work tomorrow. Stupid fucking wisdom tooth. I should be happy for the time off but I know I'll be spending it in agony. Ugh. 
Plan to finish this shit work, drop off an extremely annoyed mail to the coworkers and finally enjoy my weekend 
im getting very irritated by people who dont want to show up to work 
It's too early   Sister is graduating college today so any my mom is really hung over so not feelin good! haha Happy mother's day!
@StaceFace87 Bliiiimey o reilley our Stacy, jealous 
@kevinprince I couldn't buy any '#openhacklondon' for you because you can't even afford one   Woe!
@katherineliew Hehe Sell Sell's a great blog. I think 60% of adland feels the same way, but unfortunately that's what clients demand 
@NiaBassett It isnt sunny where I am!  But glad your enjoying the sun xD
@tee_tuhm I'm so bummed I missed it! I went home for the weekend  I bet it was amazing!
@AndrewDearling Yes Greg won! So happy but I would've prefered MacKenzie to win  x
Day off. YAY!!! I'm always 3 hours ahead of all the fun.....but it feels more like I'm 21 hours behind!  
At the airport coming home. I'm only doing this because delta told me too, I'm not happy about it.  http://twitpic.com/4wyft
Happy Mothers Day moms, (  L )
@_mel_ argh. They are planning to cut the Medicare rebates for birth related services too 
Nick,are you angry with me??????????? 
C's mom has to work today.      Happy Mother's Day to all. Keep looking after me from wherever you are, Jackie.
Happy Mother's Day -- got a LONG day ahead! Heading 2 the beach &amp; then a 9 hr drive home 
Had a blast at prom even though she got only 3hours of sleep. Got some obstacle wounds aka nasty brush burns on both elbows 
Dad-Ur dawter is grounded til she's 71! Wife argues but has 2 concede. Dawter (holding flowers) Happy Mother's Day, Mom!   #crapsoaplines
happy mothers day! am I the most awful daughter ever?! I'm gonna be gone all day 
Already regretting going back to school, and it hasn't even started yet 
tad depressed now... reality of Best Week Ever being over is really sinking in  
happy mothers day mommyyy. sorry i have to work today 
reading up on Mexican marketing company for illustration in magazine... and it's SUNNY outside 
Already regretting trying to finish school, and it hasn't even started yet 
@danslee yeah, me too, I used to enjoy travelling w/Enfield Town, all gone wrong now - houses on their old ground 
@tommcfly amazing tour! Literally shed blood, sweat and tears haha. Gutted it's over now  x
Mom's day, wish mama was here...  , it's sunny in The Netherlands, finally!!!
@millerwentworth Hi Went, glad to see you back!  Hope you stay with us, loving new PB btw!!  Best show on TV, so sad it has to end 
desperate for my computer to be fixed so i can download the new devil wears prada cd onto my ipod 
my phone just broke down  but well HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
@ExocetAU /jealous right about now... i want a beer 
@Reglore was it awesome as they say? I gotta wait till stinken thursday 
@ivanizer Really Unfortunately, over here twitter is not that popular 
@bradiewebbstack I'M JEALOUS BRADIE. you should probably reply to me because i have to go to school 
I'm a horrible daughter.. I already saw my mom like 10 times and didn't say happy mothers day.. I forgot! 
Envious of sisters new phone. I still have a gray brick 
Happy Mothers Day everyone! Last night's SNL was AWESOME... too bad I dozed off halfway thru... 
leaving in an hourrr. byeeee gladwin 
http://twitpic.com/4wz1i - cristal 4 crystal LOL... bein mad corny cause i miss her  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
disappointed to be missing church this morning.  But happy mothers day everyone!!
@funkineering sounds like curdling fun 
@getsweetie doesn't feel that way today.    wondering where my joy went...
im not jst tan ryt now..eiw..m dark &amp; my back s swollen,myt b bcuz of d salt sea water or myt b d chlorine of d pool  bt stil its FUN! 
@drodeh no.... i've quit my job, so im looking for a new one! and a new house.... happy days 
loves me some bakelite. depressed about that record player though. it was red and white striped and i really wanted it 
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there! Miss you, Mom... 
Now im sad  Angryaussie is is following courtney.... *crys a river* I WANT HIM TO FOLLOW ME TOO
Fun night last night....paying for it today,and the worst part is i have work at 12 
Going to IKEA and to and art fair! Sergey's in Ohio and I miss him 
I had a fun day yesterday even if my Boy did beat me at bowling  Enjoyed the Wolverine movie too. Well nice long run this afternoon too.
I wish I could go back in time to when my mother was alive ,and tell her that I'm glad she's not dead     #mothersday  ):
Morning twiterites! I hope you all had a wonderfull evening last night. I toked hash and bud all afternoon and passed out before 9:30! 
It's nice and sunny in NY today, time for some sightseeing and a visit to the Apple store to see if they can fix my broken G key 
Happy Mommy's Day! My Mommy's across the country  Calling her now. Oh I guess I should call the Stepmommy too.
Eventually I am going to have to come to terms with the fact that the only energy drink I like has most likely been discontinued. 
bah, cleaning my house before going to work.  what a wonderful day 
@kaylaatthedisco AW maybe your skin's already irritated with the hair :| Angelica got some zits too 
happy mother's day internet! unfortunately, both my mom and I have to work today 
even tho i have my mommy with me, this day always makes me miss my grandmothers so much. rip mommom jean and grammom pat 
@TracyCharles you know I will always be there for you. The pain will subside eventually 
@stevengmorris  i hope so....
Happy Mother's Day to all the great mothers out there! Lovin' on my little babies. Out for dinner tonight. What else today? Miss Daniel. 
@johnnycoggin Funny! We may have some soggy burgers, as well 
excited to write a bot for gtalk/AIM/Jabber. Not getting enough time 
/me in need for beachvolley players. getting sad and angry. 
That was quite tough in the end. Glad to be sitting down now. Still no beer on offer 
i am SO excited to work on my day off. 
@wirah JEALOUS. tell me how it goes! also, kill your sister 
The weather is dancing in Edinburgh. What a wonderful morning we had and now... http://bit.ly/qsp84 
Omw to the office  .....dayumm it's awesome outside  #fb
#F1 Mass wasting fuel lost his 3 place half way through now looking at 5th or even 6th 
I wan Massa to finish 4th atleast!! Cmon hes driven a brilliant race 
is Happy Mother's day, wishing she were at home and still bed, it's going to be a really long day. 
@Wyrmisis Sounds good. Unfortunately I'm going to my parents' house this week I won't be able to play until next week 
@crazilazigurl not good miserable lol how abouy yourself XD also man i got alot of coursework to finish in for tomorrow 
Happy Mommy's Day!!! Spent like 5 minutes with my mom  work til 8...
@jackosborne  Making me jealous mr!!!!
@time2stand they would be awsome to see, if you go seen them i will be even more jealous off you, as you alredy are goin to wacken am not 
@quietmissy hey! i'm so jealous of your floor seats! i was too late  and yeah...i agree about the vote spitting. ridiculous idea
@Feelslikehome same unfortunately - I don't think we are going to see much improvement at this point 
Had a great time at Loris dance! Our road trip was fun. Had to do our nursey bit and help a dog hit by a car!!  Good weekend tho!!
@cristylb i no right... so happy iv found out who won, and omg maz and greg 
Enjoying a mothers day filled with...laundry. Boo 
-Happy Mothers Day- I hope everyone has a great day! i get to work a double at work... yay.... not  My poor mamma...
Happy mothers day to me. I get to go grocery shopping. 
I missed your call!  ill make sure i wont miss the next one.. I love you! And happy mothers day sandy! Im getting ready to call u!
It's still raining outside.   I think we're due for a sunny weekend.  Where's the sun that they've been promising to us?
Happy Mother's Day...my mommy is in Finland  wish she was here...
Happy Mother's Day to all the hot mamas out there! I will be missing my son today he is away for army stuff in VA. 
Disturbing to see babies at this incredibly loud event. Will their hearing be damaged? Things will have to get even louder to compensate. 
@amytweets i am glad to hear you are all right i am very good thanks and i no it was very hard work i couldnt do  and i have been let  ...
@ShazGV awhhhh no fun  i wanted to be an honorary member. &lt;/3  what's the difference between uni and college?
happy  mother's day! i miss my mommy though 
Happy Mother's Day.  My wife's sick, so we won't be able to execute on the carefully laid plans made for the day. 
Hmmmm.... Come to think of it, I'm not sure I even have pancake mix.  but I do have eggs, cheese, salsa, and bread...
its raining no skateboarding well annoyed 
Up earlyy. No fun today, gotta study 
The legacy of faith through moms: 2 Timothy 1:5.  Happy mom's day! Too bad my mom is in Minnesota &amp; Heidi is in Colorado  (back tomorrow).
happy mothers day hungover 
is tired, even after the long sleep she had. Bloody hell. 
@slinkywitch Awesome weekend. It's a shame you missed it 
Happy Mother's day!  Lunch with Mom today, dad has to work 
can't find the decent my last duchess essay that i wrote ages ago. i seriously need that for the criticism. 
@Scifispace I think it was awesome...but sadened me that it was the end  of it all 
Relaxing for a second then the search is back on ...gotta get this funding to expand my program  
Spending my mother's day in a straight colonial fashion...without electricity, thanks to yesterday's storm.   Happy Mother's Day to all!
@lovingvida happy mothers day!!!! p.s.: i can't believe that even you have a wii and i don't. 
Ah - what could be better on a sunny day than working indoors trying to hear above the sound of next door's power saw?! 
@jmshemaria no chance, and unfortunately our student house doesn't have Sky so I even if I wanted to I couldn't reveal any scores 
Frustrated from shopping  wanted a new top but kind I want are all built for ppl of a different shape... ?
Happy mothers dayyyyy I can't get out of bed 
Happy Mother's Day To All You Mom's Out There....This Mother has to go to work 
Already up..&amp; outta my house.  Today is mother's day and I won't even see her 
@ilovelaurajane oh noes! so there's no chance of me seeing it til the dvd release? UNFAIR!!! 
@energizedmofo yeah..later i'm going out, but not for gym.. unfortunately i get hurted on a leg 
You don't know what you do to me; you don't even understand.. Damn.. It's so hard to get you outta my system 
I will never know what happened my Senior Spring LPT  lol. BUT i do know it was fun.
@xphyxiate Freelancing at the moment and getting tired of trying to find a stable job.  How about you?  Leaving Melbourne soon? 
@Mrs_Picard DOn't think about that...fortunately they make plenty of mugs with JLP alone on them.  Not so much with Riker.  
Morning! Happy Mothers Day!  Boys are on their way.  Dharma kitty is missing! We're searching everywhere. Back later today. 
Is enjoying his last minutes of the free and easy life...will climb into transport vehicle and return to reality soon. 
gonna have a nice day wit moms today .. could get her anything  i need a job. i cant even pay for my own gas. my hair needs doing too.
happy mother's day! Now time for work 
@prateekgupta oh crap, i can understand.. Looks like even im not far behind! Sad days ahead for me too 
is sick. how fun. I need to get better. 
Happy Mother's Day to all my friends, family, followers, stalkers &amp; random strangers. If I forgot you, it's because your mom asked me to 
Happy Mothers Day everyone...enjoy your day...me I am working yay 
@teachernz Just saw your pics, thanks for that - I don't have the 'video editor' option, just the other basic functions.  Hey ho!
says happy anniversary to me! tomorrow! im 2yr single. tamang tama pra magdiwang  http://plurk.com/p/sx9yz
@toija NOOO  I have like 7 days of school lefft !! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY btw  !! xoxox
Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day....as I study.... 
I get to clean and take care of my kids this morning while my man sleeps in. Happy freaking Mother's Day. 
Just got a Happy Mother's Day text from Mike. I miss him tons.  This is the first Mother's Day w/o all my kids. 
Happy Mothers Day!!....going to work 
had loads of fun in the fair with Jade!! But sadly I lost my voice this morning with all the screaming on the rides!! 
@TheRealJoelted AWESOME!!!, love too listen, damn school though  you should ring and then put them on hold!
Morning, Twitterati! Happy #MothersDay to all the moms here. Heading to church, then out to see my Mom. First Mother's Day w/o Dad. 
Happy mothers day!! @theaustinstone for early service. Wish I could see my mom today  xoxo.
@kristy_joy I posted link to a snl video about moms but it was a fake  fail.
@stonesimon Unfortunately not  They don't seem to want to work in Linux. The loading wheel just freezes
#f1 wonder if Hamilton is thinking of jumping ship? Never heard him so negative as post race interview just. 
is excited to spend some time with the most amazing mom in the world; my mom! My bestest will be here soon &amp; I cant wait! No golf though! 
im not at all happy about the big cleanup ahead 
@LadyB84 Manchester United??? Really??? Breaks my heart to see a cute, smart, funny chick go bad   http://www.twitpic.com/4x1fn
@rockingjude Enjoy them each &amp; every day because all too soon they are in their 20's &amp; your time is limited with them 
@tomtt I couldn't buy any '#openhacklondon' for you because you can't even afford one   Woe!
Leaving huntsville    gonna miss my best friend but proud of her for graduating    -J-
Another sunny day that I should be at the beach for, but I have tons of home work still 
http://is.gd/y6MV awesome! now i sort of want a roomba 
happy mothers day!  BBQ with the fam today &amp; studying for my 1st final tomorrow   graduation is in 1 wk, scaryyyyy
@jenrose28 Not all of Wilmington   Have fun though!
@paulanicole13 haha thank you mi hija  ahh yess that was fun wasnt it? &quot;have you ever thought of putting your daughter in modeling?&quot; 
that annoys me... mcr have been to australia....  it annoys me that I  didn't even know that and that I missed them   
i just remembered part of my dream &quot;why is she your number 1 and im not even on there&quot; i have problems i even dream about the internet! 
@boomdelirium sorry i meant on msn! expo isnt for a couple of week, but i feelabit funny about that cause of money 
@LyndsGloomyBear  sorry dude  we stayed at the pub, how was it tho?
What a day, warm, sunny, blue skies.. had to cut the grass, so tiring, wrecked... now to study  I hate my life so very very much.
Wat a gorgeous day 2day, shld b out, but been doing hse wrk  txt my sis in New York 2 wish her Happy Mothers day! X
At the Animal ER. Sid ate 10.5 oz of 72% dark chocolate. His heart's racing, shaking, nose running... Jason's so upset. This is not good. 
Happy mothers day! Mine hasn't gotten off to a great start. Samantha &amp; I both went to bed at 12:30am and she's been awake since 5:30. 
realized he didn't do anything for his mom for Mother's Day.  Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there. I'll be calling mine later!
Happy mothers day mommy! I miss you big spoon 
@prophet1958 I fully expected Hughes &amp; Gartley - We're all thrilled here.  I didnt' see that the Citizens' Voice did endoresments though 
i dont get it.. what is there to do at cawthorne park? have fun anyways, leaving me here on me own. again. 
@TygerKrash Steve Martin isn't funny anymore? 
Nice sunny sunday and I'm off to work 
Happy Mother's Day..Working all day ugh 
so im watching the correspondents dinner from last night on youtube... wanda sykes is on, im scared   #antifunny http://shrinkify.com/pv2
GM! Happy mother's day to everyone! Sun is out so you know bbq's are in full effect! Lol. Too bad ill be at work! 
HAPPY MOM'S DAY! (sending from phone, computer is off) &amp; i'm at home sick  take care all! Mom's: enjoy your day!
@toomuchracing i hadn't noticed tbh, but don't want peeps annoyed at comments though 
just drove home from an awesome camping weekend..haha a little iffy for my first time on an interstate..but now it's homework time. 
@WTFCRI  im in a hotel now. and i heard lotsa scary stories and im super effin scared i cant even look in the mirror. haha!
Head is pounding.. Finally got coffee.. Don't want to work on this sunny day 
Happy mothers day. Im be home alone on mothers day cuz I cant handle the cemtery 2 see my 2 grandmas,2 aunts,&amp;&amp; great grandma by my self 
@LinzyStockdale i know, that's what bothers me, and im not keen on plain water anymore, i like my tonic water and i cant even have that 
laying by the pool enjoying my last day with emily  going to buy our moms gifts!
happy mothers day to all. CANT BELIEVE I am in church right now. Miss my sleep 
@Mckennaxscream i didnt see you!  &amp; didnt get your tweet till after the show! Hope you had fun, i had the time of my life!
You sleep in Sunday morning, miss an Apple Store outage.  Anyone see changes? &amp; Happy Mother's Day from TUAW!
angry at the performance of Ferrari in todays F1 
bak chang not even properly heated up yet  sooooo hungrrryyyyyy
Well crap! I just fell and my ankle is not happy! Ice pack and laying on the couch is now my plan for Sunday morning. 
Happy mothers day to all the mothers. I am spending mine at work instead of with my beautiful girls! 
@Porfix alone buddy  But I had a terrific nite. I posted updates earlier. This guy was hot. I was heaven and enjoying every inch of him!
@Pinkladykerrie  Enjoy your day &amp; swimming...it's 40 degrees here 
Prom was fun, but now my legs are killing me... 
Sending hugs and kisses to my mother  in heaven.... She truly is an angel and I wish her an amazing Mothers day!! R.I.P mom  Love you!!!!
work is going to SUCK today... its so busy im not even allowed to park in hoss's parking lot 
@pyngoi  nothing much la. just upset cause already plan smthing n suddenly changed. i've really prepared myself for it somemore.
Just got home. My head hurts. Owah! So dehydrated.  Don't know where my mommy is, she's not home. Happy Mother's day mom wherever you are!
is excited to get back to Riverbluff this morning after weeks away. Too bad this will be the last time 'til next semester 
shower, studying, cleaning, dinner with mom, back to school  but happy mothers day !
R.I.P. to my Mom (1/15/30-1/23/75) and my Grandmother (12/22/1904-12/3/2007). Happy Mother's Day. I love you &amp; miss you....... 
Having to do 6 hours worth of exam papers on a sunday is not my idea of fun 
@sexxymanggo it wasn't kinky unfortunately  it was just weird
@Wookat just wait until no more assignments ever! It's awesome. Until you fail to graduate and need to go back again 
Feeling so sick right now.   PS, Happy Mothers Day, everyone.
happy mothers day to all mom's! science quiz 2morrow  auugh
working all day on mother's day  sad that i cant spend it with my mom! but at least i can see all the happy mothers getting massages!
@alliejoy I can't   Wanted to.  But, now have a meeting tomorrow at 10AM.  Leaving here at 1AM   But heading to the beach now.  THX
@PolarisDigital I couldn't buy any '#openhacklondon' for you because you can't even afford one   Woe!
So I totally missed the nugs game last night  I heard it was awesome so I tried to watch SC but I fell asleep BOO
er, work in 30 minutes, approximately.  OH JOY.
Happy Mother's Day, all  Mothers! And to the dads  who raises their  kids  too. Son  lost his  wife last  fall  so not happy day for  him 
gonna sleep now la. tmr school.  no off-in-lieu for sat's vesak day. not fair. tmr programming. deal with codes again. haiyah.
@livepath NZ -makes weekend visits a little difficult  Going for continued study or work? Grandparents &amp; you must all be proud.  Congrats!
and not responding to my texts  have fun.
Happy Mother's Day!!!! I wish I was with mine today 
@MyCheMicALmuse i'm sorry hun.  are you still gonna take the classes?
@GeekySteph Sun still around in North Devon  Fair few clouds as well though 
Duke Nukem Forever look fukin amazing! RIP Duke, it just won't be the same elsewhere   http://bit.ly/p9mws
in the tuenti,Hoping that something happens in this boring evening.... 
This day is so happy but so sad at the same time..first year since my grandma 
@mfhorne i think they did! they aint the same anymore  discos are amazing, so are squares!
I just finished my book  It was so good, why did it have to end . Happy Mothers Day!
@paulpuddifoot  I am pleased you enjoyed the film! I am hoping to go. Might end up going on my own as it's not Chris's type of film! 
even though its my favourite drink i think its the vodka and coke that wipes my mind all the time  think im gonna have to find a new drink
also... all this carefullness to prevent crashes and then I fall off the bike at the end of the driveway.  scrapes &amp; bruises on arm. 
@xxloverxx Corrective lenses are known to cost millions, even more so if they're polarised 
i really miss him sooo much.  happy mothers day to my lovely mom and lovely moms everywhere!!
Happy Mommy day! accept my mommy is in the Dominican 
@erin347 for sure. Also, sadly, two autographs I do not own  I'm still upset I didn't get the Sinbad one.
Why do people call at 7am to wish you a Happy Mother's Day? 3 people all in a row. Nice gesture but now I can't get back to sleep 
@stop_poking_me You said before that you don't love me! Plus you're always calling me gay, in a derogatory way! 
@jinjagirlie not nice to poke fun at people that can't pronounce 'Brian' !!! 
Oh, and mom just told me my FAVOURITE fish from our ponds was eaten by a stupid heron. Not fair... Poor Tiger  ...
@shaybreezy lol what's so funny 
Happy mothersday.. I Miss you Zacky  stupid RAIN AND WIND!!
@cassiocassio I'm so envious you gave no idea (...actually u of all ppl prob do!), I'm in the office! 
@KrisAllenmusic why arent u posting new tweets anymore?  haha im really excited to hear u sing Apologize! gosh! tc!
@Adjahoejon no enjoyment, working. . . lol.  working now too.  fun. 
Sunny mothers day in Brasilia, but I am working on my hotel room 
Wow! What an absolutely fantastic last episode. Although can't believe Scrubs is over  Im gutted!
Good night earthlings. Happy Mother's Day!  Its monday tommorrow &amp; school 
dreamed about zombies last night. unfortunately, i was surviving, but the good was that that seemed maintainable. i left my mom though 
Just came back from the mall. Exhausted but still gonna study for a lil bit. Life's miserable at the moment. Boohoo. 
@mikefoong @hantu  Unfortunately, that Friday night session is no longer on.  my b'ball skills are rapidly eroding.
I hope my mom can still have a happy mother's day. 
Title race over  Tried to stay positive as long as possible! City's performance today was nothing short of upsetting
Yao Ming is done for the season.  Happy Mother's Day! 
says *sigh* What a miserable day.  http://plurk.com/p/sxqsy
Eating alone, my husband has to work!  Oh &amp; walked in to wake up my little angel and she was is wearin with a Happy Mother's Day onesie.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.  Missing my Grandmother today   #fb
@everhostile im so sorryyyy  stay strong
@kaeili it's fair? unfair? because there are a lot of fics for that pairing in the best overall category 
Not happy days 
wishing i could spend mothers day with my mom  happy mothers day mom!
Is still tired even though I just got up 
Went to fab restraint last night. Not as good as normal even free sambuka did not make up for it. Shame I love al restraunte as well 
Just changed the front driver side end link -- didn't even know it was broken. That explains the spongyness when I was driving. 
exams tomorrow  happy mothers day &lt;3333
My mom is all upset today because my brother is all fucked up. I really wish I could be there. 
Saw Star Trek. Fab. Whole cast was brilliant. Sylar didn't cut any brains open though 
@Jrathbne Heeey! I MISS YOU HERE!  You must be super busy these days, huh? Hope everything is ok and that you're having fun! Take care!
SHOUT OUT TO MY MOM FOR ALWAYS MAKING ME FEEL HANDSOME EVEN WHEN I WAS FAT AND UGLY WHEN I WAS YOUNG... I REALLY LOVE THIS WOMEN 
I've got a spanish test on friday..  i have to study but i don't want to do it right now, yesterday was so much fun! i love my friends!&lt;3
open season 2 finished, now even more bored  starving too, hopefully dinner will be ready soon, what can i do now? x
@teamjahaira I have sleep apnea as well. No fun!! 
A little upset my kittens didn't get me a card... 
Wish I could be with ma dukes today!  Happy Mothers Day to all mothers!.. Playing make up til 6:30. PS: I am changing my # for suuure.
@RaveyRai Be thankful at least you don't have suddenlink that messes up for days at a time 
Today was suppose to be a fun day 
i just cant seem to find a photo small enough to put up  even though my mac says there under 700k, twitter seems to disagree....!!! grrr
@david_whitney  I was gutted about Duke Nukem, that was one of the first games I ever played... even the ancient Apogee versions! 
@_chris_scott_ Did to me, was sunny here too, but clouded over now 
So tired. Its so not fair. I guess I am going to log into World of Warcraft. I still haven't come up with a name for my Dog Boutique. 
is wishing her mom, Mimi, and aunts (aunt-mom) a very happy mother's day...I just missed them before they went to church 
@SawyerRe unfortunately if it has John/ Dr Cox in it i may be tempted, i've seen the last episode btw 
@spacepal time to do some work too ''no fun  hope beardyman was all you wished for and more!
@nj1213 no fresh Cuban bread in Brooklyn.  Some awesome bagels though. :-D
@rediscover_me Kita was up at 6.    Happy Mother's Day, gf.
@oneofthosefaces nope  GUTTED. hasn't even uploaded the pic of her and nuhdeen!
Thanks! Happy Mother's Day to u 2 ... We're still dragging around here... 
Day Five is here and I can't even be with my mama today. 
@KymStar kim!!!!!!!!!!!!! miss u much i was away but im back..out with mom i will c u all next week have fun 
has been gardening all day, enjoying the sunshine, but still has college homework to do 
Leaving the Twilight Convention  It was so amazing! I saw Kellan this morning at Breakfast &amp; later I will post my photos &amp; blog soon!
@colettebennett I tried calling you to wish you happy birthday, but your voicemail doesn't answer. 
is the single one out of her friends  and its never Fun!
The veronicas were awesome! Now back to the mtn  i miss nashville.
So mad it's going to storm. Now I can't buy my new furniture  oh well... Happy mothers day one and all
@everhostile I'm so sorry to hear that!  
HAPPY MAMA DAY !!! My phone fell out of my pocket while I was on the Batman  FML ...
@jdx26 Unfortunately, I've been known to make fun of him, too.  Bad person alert.
is working allll day  it's such a pretty too  Happy Mothers day Mommy!  http://twitpic.com/4x5x9
The past 24 hours have been completely amazing....please don't make an end come to them 
Breakfast out w/ my son 4 mom's day.  Daughter slept in  after late return from NYC (2:30 am for a spanish class trip).  Happy Moms Day!
happy mother's day to all, &amp; thanks for the sentimetns-spending my 1st mom's day as i do any other sunday-alone b/c hubs is working.  
Ouvindo Pink Floyd ( no som, lastfm nao funciona la !  )
5.20pm  boooooring,im hungry..and my mum is angry Oo..in don't know why -.- i know it's mother day(i haven't forget that!) -.-
Happy Mother's Day!&lt;3 i'm not gonna be with my mom today  figuring out plans for the day!
Duke Nukem Forever Footage leaked? And it looked like it woulda been awesome  http://www.gametrailers.com/player/usermovies/316675.html
Sleeeeepy @ graduation. Depressed because its Mother's Day anf Sandy B is gone and I'm not graduating. 
Not goin to be able to make the funeral nemore... 
Studying for English lit.  I will be so glad to be done with Professor White forever and a day. On the other hand, Tennyson is amazing.
@amfraser_com  I'm jealous of both   - that's a sad face in case you didn't know.
The evil calculus tmrw then freedom!! (FREEDOOOOM!) but enslavement today for calculus  saw RENT yesterday it was pretty much amazing 
@Old_reprobate Bet poor lad was cold and frightened tho'  Hope there's not usual kneejerk reaction stopping others enjoying great outdoors
Another day of being: sad, lonely and depressed at work.   Blah!
@xoxoJennyV haha morrrnin! its a deal..i can't even roll out of bed its that bad haha ugh 
@me1000 I'm jealous.  We have no IMAX here.  
Hugh Jackman in Rio promoting &quot;Wolverine&quot;. I did not see him in here... Is not fair!!!!! 
mom is sick, so no tubing today  happy mother's day!
is 25 today  the only plus side is that in celebrating my birthday at DISNEYLAND! : D
Happy Mother's day!  Wish I could be in Ohio with my mom. 
[-O] Happy Mother's day! Wish I could be in Ohio with my mom.  http://tinyurl.com/pkkmoh
  To all the mothers whose day may not be so happy. God loves you. TLC - Waterfalls ? http://blip.fm/~5zi9g
Home for mothers day! Not even staying 24 hours 
Happy mothers day! My mom's in Greece 
@Snappsgirl89 awesome!! no more math... for a little while... hehehe Day is going well, P just woke up.. only slept for like an hour 
Happy Mommies Day!! Not with my mom today 
Iam So UpSet I Cant Be With My Mom On Mother's Day How Sad 
HAPPY MOMMY DAY TWITTS!...I LOVE MY MOMMIE EVEN THOUGH IM IN TEXAX AND SHES IN CALI...   I LOVE YOU MOM!.
Reinstalling Windows on the music PC, which decided that it wanted to delete some critical files last time it updated 
blahh an ear infection and strep throat.. oh the joy! 
@maritxp They always make me feel lonely, like I live in a big city. Eventhough I don't 
@theresanoelle aw geez that's really not fair for him, I feel really bad for him too  if you need to talk I've got my phone with me &lt;33
is insanely happy that her body finally got used to the doxycycline, for she'd go insane if she had to spend another 2 weeks feeling dead 
awesome weekend... now for all of the homework I have yet to do. 
We don't have anything that I want for breakfast in the house. Not even the kind of bread I like so I can make toast. 
Happy Mommies Day!!!   Work 2-close today 
@fiowantscoffee lol yuh, just unfortunate that hard drive died on me. Need to buy a new one now 
..just called my moms 2 wish her a happy day &amp; she didnt answer   probably out shopping...im going back 2 sleep
where did the sun go? it looks like it rain! not happy 
Just talked to my mom. She's celebrating mother's day at a family gathering. Wish I was there too. Sucks being so far away! 
@markpeters77 Haha sorry! and Im very jealous, its not here...Its still rainy and wet! 
@JimBob30 i have only ever been to Michigan....  id love to go to more states that would be amazing!
@pethead cos I have sore throat  ...however Happy Mother's Day!!
Its finally sunny out and my pool is under repairs til tues. 
@MissHell23 Enjoy the flick, think I'm in the minority, not to fussed about seeing it yet. Gotta a family bbq to go 2,  missin' footy  lol
@stephenfry Ye Gods I don't even understand the question.  I'm feeling like a feminine Alan Davies... 
wishing all the moms a happy mother's day. Miss u mom 
@naynays http://twitpic.com/4wjwf - haha funny wish i was there 
Eating some amazing mothers day cheesecake. Then off to slave on my biology project.  such a fun saturday. Not.
@LiveLove_Acting it's ahamazing ... story of my lifeeeeee  without the happppppppy ending 
 dont wanna go to school, even though i've had a week off, i have my french module 2 which ima fail.
bleh,  i feel gross. Happy Mothers Day (:
I was disappointed that we did not drive the track due to an accident.     The tour driving was fun though!!
I miss Steven, I miss NC.  I wanna go home.
Awww... The young Harry on his eleventh birthday... Always makes me sad... 
i need to quit smoking. ESPECIALLY when i have a sore throat. i don't think i can even talk right now, it hurts so much. 
is wishing his mom a very Happy Mother's Day &amp; his older sister an awesome 29th birthday &amp; Mother's Day! . Gym, pack &amp; goodbye Stilly 
I am learning for school that makes me  totally unhappy 
Had fun with friends at the Family Fun Center.  Ayumi's leaving soon.. 
@TamsinEmillie I was fine until around two today and it's come back. I was happy and thought it was just a bug  but still be in tomorrow
happy mothers day and what not. going to see star trek this afternoon. im in a weird mood, though ... 
I'm sifting interviews while watching people having fun in the sun 
Happy mother's day! I wish my mama was back already. 
Happy Mother's Day to all! Wish I was enjoying mine a little more Migraine started last night and hasn't let up yet 
Happy Mothers Day, despite the clouds and rain 
Help my dslr doesn't work when it's on AF it won't take a pic it just blinks a lot  I'm sooo upset what can I do?
Excited to see Porsche pull up and meet me from party as DH had gone to get touch. Whoop from DH, he found ipod. No new touch for me  poo
@bridgetschuberg aaaaaah WHY don't i get in until like 6 o'clock???  have fun....
Back from the lunchtime, swift half, at the pub. Seems better half is not excited about the idea of starting lunch at 16:50 on a Sunday. 
wishing all moms esp mines, a HAPPY MOTHER&quot;S DAY!! bout to go to work tho  can't spend mother's day with mom but she loved her gift!!!
So happy it's sunday, but not looking forward to monday  Got to study for my Business final all day today!!!  So happy it's nice out!!!
@kimonostereo ya totally a lot of times, my weekend is filled w/activities b4 it even comes 
@LuvinDanny4Ever Why thank you, my baby is still sleeping. Unfortunately I couldn't sleep more than 3 hours 
Happy Mother's Day to all the hot mamas out there! I'll be here missing my mommy. 
@dannywood Happy Mom's Day to your mom...I lost mine 10 years ago to cancer  Tough day, but easier having my own kids.
Oh joy it's Sunday 
@snwbrdlaur its what we call my friends house/property, fun times but sadly no grill 
@nicolalalalala LOL I'm glad I didn't reply as I was going to saying I fancied a facial as well 
is wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day and taking care of a sick Blake 
Good morning.  Happy mother's day.  Thinking of all those who have lost their mom too.  
ooof, eating left over dairy queen and then biscuits does not make a happy GI for studying the GI. long day ahead of studying. 
@swissfairy but i don't wanna!  gavin and stacey &gt; ict revision haha
I can't imagine any pain worse than this. I can't even move. I don't know how I'm going to get through this eight hour shift.  wish me ...
Happy Mother's Day, y'all. I wish my mom was here to take care of me! On my way to Urgent &amp; Family Care 
Anelkas goal was fantastic. Why do i always miss goals like that!!  Stupid revision. That's it, next year Sky sports.
Getting ready for church. I really wish I didn't have work today, I'm missing out on Nana's house with my fam  happy mamas day
Re-pinging @emiisaur: &quot;OLD PERVS DONT MSG ME!&quot;--(1) unfortunately that crap comes with exposing yourself to this space, and (2) see #1 
@dannywood Aww  I hope you enjoy your day! Loveee yaaa Danny! &lt;3 &lt;3
@Okini LOL we here in Canada haven't even experience summer yet  but I can't wait for the pre fall
@nicolalalalala haha, you girls are all filthy pervs. i like it!! yes alone, unfortunately  x
@fourstar valuable screen space taken up by men in short shorts? that could be used for even more geeky statistics 
I'm so used to not being home on the holidays  Happy Mother's Day! Esp to my mommie she is the SugaHoneyIceTea! &amp; My sissy her first one!
Well, mmmm, yes today i'm happy, but i need to study , not is a problem, buut... 
 sad day for me..wish i had to work..HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL  THE MOMS
Happy Mothers Day, Y'all !    I miss my mommy 
Just gave my mom a mothers day card and 20 bucks. I couldent go to the store  But she was happy anywayz
Arrrrrrrgggggggghhhhhhhhh! Am switching off radio now. Am feeling very very depressed! Horrid week! 
happy mother's day everyone! praise the woman who gave you life! my momma is working todayy 
both my mom and i agree that we want to spend today just laying around watching movies. but people are coming over. no fun 
@rkmontoya I don't remember getting an invite to this event.  
@matrixagent I try to watch everything in English if possible *g* Even if cinemas in Passau won't show the film with original voices... 
I had mad fun and now its over ( gotta go 2 work) 
Happy Mothers Day! DONT want to go back to BSC 
@Kbendelow so I hear, which makes me very upset cause I'd like to see them more than anything! 
Mother's Day is a traditionally time for BBQ here ... unfortunately I don't like BBQ at all  ... but I am also not a mother ;-) ;-)
doesn't want to work this afternoon/evening 
@PadresMLB Well,it was a good start to the season anyway...reality always sets in,unfortunately. 
All those dougie lovers aint gunna be happy  me and mi friend are very sad 
Think everyone should come to louisville, ky and bring their bike such an amazing town and even better roads. Wish I brought mine 
OMG! After everything I did on my video.Youtube won't accept it  Kinda upset I'm off to watch other people's vids to make feel better. LOL
@annabonana25 happy mother's day! Sorry I couldn't make it up 
The wine is flowing and the BBQ is lit but the sun has gone   not to worry the kebabs look amazing!
Absolutely hopeless finish from Theo. I feel like switching TV off 
@jackfaulkner Oh, jealous. I can only get Iplayer  
Crossing the bridge, back to the books.  amazing weekend with mike
Photo: this postsecret this morning really got to me  happy mother's day everyone! http://tumblr.com/xgd1r1704
celebrating mother's day by tending to my bronchitis-suffering momma  Made some carrot ginger soup and honey oatmeal wheat bread for her
Mother's Day is bittersweet for me.  I'm spending the day with my boys, but my mom died 5 years ago on Mother's Day 
Non-functional alarm being wired into the mains tomorrow. Haven't practiced enough as a sparky 
Hmmm. Have been unfollowed and blocked by a previous mutual follower / followee. Baffled as wouldn't like to think I have offended 
so. i just called my mom to wish her a happy mothers day, she said it wasnt a good time, and had to go.   
holyshit its a hot day! PS, happy mommy's day. my mother's in miami... oh well, i didnt really get her anything 
WHAT A SHIT DINNER :@ a couple of new potatoes and some chiken scraps  the best part was the gravy, Damn i'm so unsatisfied  x
Forgot to say Happy Birthday to his Dad (too bust eating cake) so happy b day to him, he's getting his iPhone next week now 
@BeckyBuckwild  dayummm you weren't even on the reunion...disappointing 
sickk workk.  then grammas with the fam [including carsonn] greatt.  but happy mothers dayy 
No fair. I'm sick with a doosey of a cold. Missed Disneyland yesterday, and I can't tell if I'm well enough to go out today. 
Happy Mother's Day!  I miss my mami...  
Gah! Cannot pass a member function pointer to a signal handler in C++   http://tinyurl.com/ytb5vo
had an AWESOME time last night even if the ref's decided that there was no way in hell the Mav's were going to win. 
did NOT get an revision done today !  fair to say im fucked  ?
Happy Mothers day! I wish I was in Florida with my momma 
Thankfully mother has come home and turned off the Disney channel. But poor doggie has cut his leg  Trip to the vet on Tuesday methinks.
@myrafur Aww.  Happy Mother's Day, sweety. *gives you cyber hugs and foot rubs*
@jeweljk  The Roxy...I wish!!!!!       Have fun!  
Having a shitty day, now I have to go take Mom out for lunch. Yay! Happy Mother's Day everyone... 
I enjoy my day, because tomorrow is time for me to go working 
@Oprah  seriously, is there ANYTHING you cant do?? &lt;3 you are amazing! I wish you would have spoken at UMichigan graduation 
I didnt know i could get sunburn this early in the game. Its not even summer yet, and I am red like a tomatoe!   Happy Mothers Day!!
@Jim_T Thanks, I will try that. But 6 mins seems too long. I am not happy 
Happy Mothersdayyy..I miss my mommyyyy..too bad I can't b with her on this special day cuz she's more than 4000 miles awayy 
happy mother's day!!! i dont get to spend it w my mom 
Just talked to my grandma and my sister to wish them both Happy Mothers Day. Made me realize how much it sucks being far from home. 
@SiriusMz_Stylez   the letter to ur momz was touching made me drop a few  I am sorry for your loss!  I'm sure she would be proud!
@IAMtheCOMMODORE sad you guys are leaving!! I didn't get the chance to see you  hopefully next tim! happy mothers day 2 ur mom!!!!!!
@faeristar I used to be SO envious of her! Wanted to be blonde 
@katieberry catwomans so shit  its like... sucking all the cool out of the epically cool catwoman. she's not even called Selina? ffs
doin some maths -_- i waanna a fun 
@vBSetup Hoorah! Now everyone can be happy once more.  Except the penguins, it's too hot, their homes are melting 
happy moms day. i was just told my breakfast was getting cold at home and they set my spot at the table.  shouldve gone home...
@timsweb whoops! sounds moderately expensive 
@sproutbuilder really? i was using a trial or something and now that it's up i can't even login to access my projects 
once again... Happy Mother's Day to all!!! [I wont get to see my mommy for another week  but i sent her a coooooool e-card!] 
@thelongmile No I mean in Australia, unfortunately. I got so addicted. Nowhere like it here 
Happy Mother's Day!! I will celebrate by working 12:15-8.  FML
is tired as hell! I have to work!  Happy mother's day! GO LAKERS! I'll be at Urge 2nite at Sapphire in Alhambra!
Ah haha happy mother's day im stuck at work till 8 
Finally enjoying Sunday after working.... And thinking of my family especially my mother whos far away celebrating without me... 
@sarahhcyrus I told everyone you were coming and they got all excited 
Mother's day and my sister's birthday...... And my mom's going to the ER. Awesome. 
Celebrating the best mom ever today! (just wish we were in the same town) 
have to go frikkin swimming, its going to make me even more tired. 
@talldan  Jealous. Haven't eaten anything today. Eat something disgusting and fatty for me?
happy mothers day! &lt;3 but so stressed homeworkstudy ahh!!!  i despise schools so much! 171/2 mor3 days feels like forverrrrrrrrrrr..... 
sitting around...prbly gonnna have to clean our garage for mothers day...  Happy mothers day to every mother out tthere!!
Happy mothers day... exept my mother isn't too happy... 
@ash1ey so jealous 
Great weekend!! Missing belle house and I haven't even left yet    
jst been coop afta goin shows wi sarah, wasnt that amazing, seen @cheeseyfrog with her mates but she wouldnt come with me+sarah  TEA SOON!
@JonathanRKnight Happy Moms day too,she's really the best mother 4u.I missed my mama so much I think she's always watching me from heaven 
dustbin baby, my new fave book + film, so amazing; made me cry though...  x
Is saying happy mothers day to all momies! Wish I could see mine today 
Camping was super duper fun!!!!!  Not looking forward to this summer though  No roomies and no mr  WTF.
TURINING POINT WAS LIIIVVVEEEE  SO JEALOUS IM NOT AT BIG WEEKEND  &lt;3
It feels like I'm going to be miserable and heartbroken forever 
We came 3rd out of 4 teams  oh well it was just for fun though Ive fell out with my coach,but I destroyed everyone in the final game so...
@cinemabizarre it's really sad that people have to steal your music.  I will eagerly await TOYZ! &lt;3
I missed the auditions...  Oh well, atleast I have a routine. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! I wanna play LittleBigPlanet xD
@rebecca878 but I saw them for first time 6th October 2008 (: it was amazing.. I remember I cried  have you ever see them? take care (: xx
Everyone is happy semester is ending, but I'm sad  It was a lot crazier than I expected, but it's ending on the best possible note!
sunburnt  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL YOU MOMMAS!!!!!
@valgansel so much fun she forgot to invite or even contact her one true pal lover..  booo u whore!
my mother is sick with the flu  happy mothers day?
happy mumma's day!! - just woke up heading to church as my hair looks like a lion. Hope no one gets scared of me 
need to get back on my twitter a-game. car accidents are no fun  still in pain. and happy mothers day!
@marcelbooth unfortunately my team lost   (I support Liverpool so wanted Man C to win)
Happy Mothers day to all the moms! I'm spending mine working, yay me 
@Kangurujack  great!Enjoy it! I'm still sad that we coudn't try the POWER Soup 
anyone want to fund my research this summer? 
Is enjoying time with my mom this morning. Last night was crazy...my dog was sick the whole night 
f1 didn't go so well for the finns  but tonight im watching hockey, russia vs canada, happy face for that!
revision is not going to plan.  i just cannot even force myself to revise.
Happy Mother's Day!! I wish I could be there w/ my mommy  But she got my flower's &amp; cards!
glad we took mommy out ystrday but now i can't hang with granny today 
migraine on mothers day? foul!    taking meds and resting hoping for a recovery by this evenings gift, a trip to see Star Trek!
@Oranzoval ...I don't even have your AIM/MSN, I don't think. 
im just so lost with this wholething  no one even talks to me ** sob sob **
i hate that i cant sleep past 9 on weekends even when i'm up till 4 or 5am. i must be getting old 
is not enjoying spending Sunday evening working on a presentation 
Happy mothers day mom! Im  a little late mabye! 
@Jayboo07 ugh! Now I'm really jealous. I just need to leave tmobile period the phones suck 
@_pixie_ I hate to admit... but its Desperate Housewives. 
@Alyssa_Milano Dodgers lose... NOT a wonderful day 
There are people in this world that suck to infinity, and some of them are related to me.  Thankfully, none of the ones I see often.
@MAMAxfuryx but I lova lova you long time! Happy Mothers Day, not bad mothers day 
happy mother's day, mom. sorry men completely suck.  and to my second mother, lori - we all miss you today. please be with us.
@brianalove oh my gosh.  i didnt even get to see the end and that movie made me cry.
@iceisawesome gaga is EVERYTHING!! I'm sorry you couldn't be here 
@Haterproof daaaannng!!! Hey did u come to my bday party??? 
@ZydrateFairy Ugh!  So sorry, bebe...  &lt;3 *hugs!*
so enjoyed mother's day wishing i could have been with my own mom tho.. 
@adlyman i did horrible on my act. im so upset with myself 
My texting has been jacked all day long. Watching the Cold Case finale now. My team lost the Amazing Race. 
i don't know what i'm doing twittering and twattering about nonsense at 0230   even borat had a more productive life!
@ddlovato jealous  i wish i was still growing. i'm stuck at 5'3&quot; for the rest of my life
@daniellexo good, Im glad it went well, shame I couldnt make it 
@SuperCr3w what no Texas?  but we're so funnn here! &gt;.&lt;
@DonnieWahlberg  There is sooo much love on here that I could faint!  LOL. GO CELTICS!!  I miss my B-Ball team.   I'm proud of YOU Donnie!
@rdeal1 Awesome video. I'm so mad I didn't watch SNL 
@deanomeano It's not the pain. It's the six plates of amazingly tasty and wonderful Chinese food from my fave place in front of me. 
@BM5k I miss Disneyland.  even more demented, I miss you crazy fools
@mermaid_love Not fair, Starbucks was all I asked for...and no starbucks 
i hoping i gets a life.. any will do as long as it has no assignments and redbull..  but im happy i have my man here with me..
@RadioU well does this mean our conversation will end in a minute?  cause this has made me happy today.
ight sooo... happy mothers day to all you moms out there! and today laker game made me wanna throw up..... 
just had awesome Peruvian food w the fam, but now I reak like it ew 
Mother's Day dinner at Phoung Nam was o.k. Upset w the service, but the food never lets us down. Didn't have 7 Steps to Heaven #159 
Omg what an amazing show by @nineinchnails! arms about to fall off from filming the entire show! Hope I got some good video! Sad now tho 
saw star strek earlier today. way awesome. nap for hour. tired 
excited to finally see @cweisss in english again! Not excited for school though 
NIN at Voodoo Fest = most amazing production conceivable. NIN tonight in ATL = dissapointing beyond belief.   I am sad.
@DaHitWRYTERgirl, well I'm just not feeling it, I agree she has an AMAZING voice but I didn't feel any chills or anything at all. 
Prom was a lot more fun and a lot less awkward than I thought it would be. Regardless, am very sleepy and it's not even 9:00 yet. 
@resrieju that's so weird! We were there around 2pm.....you HAD to have been there...........  Hope you enjoyed your food!
Fun day of hiking... Early day at work tomorrow 
is it stupid that even with everything....i still miss him? 
@MasiaM sooo jealous  i want some ice cream but i love money reunion bout to pop off...granny said Stay Sexy LMAO!!
I dont like when people i really care about are upset.. And make it impossible for me to do anything about it 
The best gift of the day-having no plan, no commitments, no schedule! Only job was to enjoy each other. Back to crazy schedule tomorrow 
@ashleyvirus It's so worth it, though. I'm a custom content fiend, although I haven't had the time to play lately. Now I want to play... 
@cherms not even a smiley face. 
So happy to have a new niece...Mirabelle Jolie! So sad to leave my bubbies 
@Shon_Don that's nice. I'm living vicariously through everyone else's mother's day events since I didn't get to go home this weekend 
@hrstevens2 I know.  I think it's the flu...... I've got too many symptoms now to ignore it so am on quarantine  
@RollingtheDice im jealous 
@heidiheartshugs must be great being a uni student, unfortunately my work doesn't quite agree with that attitude 
dance recital is tiring but fun!  and ooooveerrrrr!  
@abiFACE I know! And I'm even more upset because my friend got to go yesterday 
so frustrated. arg. @iowaradioguy, the reboot totally eliminated my number. 
@snipercatcher The wedding reception was fun. Jim is still sickly, though. 
last night was bananasss....so upset I have 2 leave jax! I'm gonna miss my girl Kimmy 
I hate meeting people on campus and having to tell them I failed to graduate. Reliving the shame over and over is 'fun'. 
Fun weekend comes to an end 
not feelin`so hot &amp;&amp; not excited about tomorrow 
whaaatt? victor and tammy won on the amazing race? I'm spoiled  . ours will be aired later this evening,oh well they deserve it
@manicsocratic YAY! awesome piccyture! I miss Avatar 
@comeonecomeall FAIRYGAWDMAMA &gt;&lt; I miss you too 
happy mothers day mom! im going to bed. dad leaves tomorrow 
Wishes things would get better. I need to get out of this house, but I'm being prevented. It's like no-one care about me anymore..... 
nighty night to all twitterville!  enjoy!!  miss me while i'm gone!! 
@IamZafrina this is unfair  when i'm on, noone is there, i leave and its a party 
@madlyv LMBO...sorry I asked U to follow one    Thought she was Elisabeth from the view...not even a fave, but she wanted peeps?  :O  lol
@socalgurl83 Yeah I felt really bad because this morning before I knew, I texted her and wished her a happy mothers day 
cant get the hang of twitter  just rolled over on my cat :S she's not happy!
Long week ahead, AP English exam Wed. should be fun, then some test for culinary, i thought that was my easy class 
@mistresstokyo - yep! Damn  I know you will have fun anyways ;)
Had a Wonderful Mother's Day but it makes me REALLY miss my mother! Life is not quite the same without her in it 
@juneshindesigns  I am a very jealous girl. Think trashy Chinese near CNN in my future. Blargh.
might not be till the fall  @LBCIslander  As far west as NV, AZ or maybe even CA?? 
I ran over my neighbor's dog today.   I can't even express how awful I feel.  They had to put her down.   I thiink I might have to move 
Humanities is annoying me even more now.. 
headache,  happy mothers day ! last night was iiinsane
My amazing weekend is over  it was indeed amazing and i was not let down in any way. I get to sleep in my own bed!!!
Says great first fight since i've been home. I haven't even been home a week yet.  fml.
I forgot that T-Mac even played for the Rockets...SMH 
on my way to work....starting 3rd shift tonight.....not happy 
http://twitpic.com/4ykdm - i wish i could grow a stache' why do boys get to have all the fun 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
lmao my eyebrows are uneven  they always are haha.
Having a fantastic time relaxing and visiting with @James_Robb and the family... not looking forward to going back to work this week! 
All the NINJA posts are making me terribly Jealous. WHY do they have to be coming to D-town when I am outta town? 
Im shaking so bad. She almost got hit by a car. Fuck.  im so mad at her, but glad i got her in time.
It's too bad Santa Barbara's hills aren't composed of marshmellows, graham crackers, and Hersheys 
Well, another Mother's Day in the books, another 900 happy people; less than last year  EAT MORE LOBSTER!
wonderful weekend. i miss home 
Dreading the end of a great weekend.... Work tomorrow, oh  joy 
Jogging at fowler. Ate tooo much  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!! Haha
Geez, I really hate this sickness. I CANT EVEN TALK PROPERLY!!! :'( I wanna be at school with ma friends. 
Its hard to know when people think that you are not good enough but it is even harder when you learn it from your loved ones. 
just cried like no other watching the movie seven pounds... ahh so sad 
back at the house.  excited that i got my cd.  i need to calm my nerves.  ministry work is hard with no support 
I really hope that I can enjoy my day off tomorrow. My last day off was last Monday.  
At home for the night. It's been fun riding around the city all weekend. Gotta take the rental back in the am 
@Dj_Phat awwwwwwwwww, that's how ur doin me now?? lol makin fun of my spelling??  i'ma beat u up when i see u! lol
tuan is jealous that i only tweet about minh   beat 3 quality teams with tuan on my team this afternoon...he contributed with air balls 
@NylonMag That's amazing! Too bad i'm in texas. .  have fun all!
ugh im really upset about something!  don't know what to do!
@enjoyvivo Seriously dude! That show used to literally make me laugh &amp; cry. Episodes suck now. 
had a great day with my mamma! glad i got to spend time with tay tonight!! back to studying 
upset that jordan is done with geneseo and now its all over and im sad that theres so many people ive met that ill never see again 
feeling down  i hate going to bed feeling upset.
It's been such a long day. Haven't even started my home work 
is so, so sad that she can't wish her mother a happy mother's day.  Tried to be chipper, but it didn't work. 
Has noone fun to have lunch with 
@snshyne7  Bedtime insanity makes me (albeit limitedly) glad I'm not quite there yet.
@NikkiHotness vegas was awesome, I'm completely drained out &amp; I got work in the morn 
@zombiejesus thanks, its not even like 1/4 done tho  workin workin workin!
@rainyxdayz Lmao she's offline, and I wanted to talk to her  She's such a poseur it's not even funny. Some people are actually like that
Oh goodie. I'm at work, doing third shift because Alex was puking. I hadn't even been gone 7 hours.  And I have to be here again at 8 AM.
@lols_caroline how unfortunate... 
Need to go to Saturn tomorrow to get my car fixed     Hopefully I won't have to pay anything as it wasn't even my fault....
Sorry @masalaskeptic - http://twitpic.com/4xami  no, I couldn't have.   On the bright side, I have a happy wife.
@Missfunsize OMG you have to be kidding, WTF, how can they run out of caps and gowns, ughhhhhhhh 
Walking back from Fairway grocery run to find Riverside Park across from our building is ON FIRE.  Aaaah!  Good luck firefighters. Smoky. 
@RetteJessicaa i know  it made me so depressed
Mr. Wonderful has a migraine so I am a little sad 
burned the roof of my mouth today, always a bummer. Took the joy outta my PFchangs for dinner 
Is watching sunday best i personally think that sunday best is som uch better than American Idol.so upset that my gurl jessica didnt win 
Sad thing is, I can't do the event cause I deleted the game awhile back and quit.......And I was bumped down from rank 2 to rank 7 
I'm jealous of everyone graduating this semester  It feels like i'll never get there
@JessInADress i know they should of but they didnt.   i want to give them a high five. its funny
@chelsea_playboy ok we be angry together, didn get my txt either 
ughh so upset about my grades this semester   
Going to bed and feeling glad for such a fun filled Mom's Day weekend....but sad I didn't get more done with school and the house! 
@TeamJonasBros Oh, really? Cool!  Time differences are awesome, hahaha. Aw, seriously? That's a major bummer 
I think I am alone blipin by myself,  o well having fun though
is feeling fat, not going to eat tomorrow. Don't let me forget and don't let me eat even if I am hungry and beg... thanks! can't get FAT 
@Fantasy_Art Harmony Steel's website seems to be down, unfortunately. 
Hey! No Happy Mother's Day call from my son. I musta been a bad mom. 
@DDsD LOL! I'm not a mobile phone brand groupie/fanboi.   FWIW, I won't even be able to attend the demo night 
Just flicked floor cleaner into my coffee  After thorough consideration the negatives outweighed the positives and I didn't finish it.
@HappyCassie Well I cant believe the weekend is almost over 
another random chat, page 64 - dam; are all my chats hw related?  - me: hola 9:41 PM um math test Jay:... http://tumblr.com/xl01r5l5c
@slantsmcgee likewise.. I mean he's a kid. Unfortunately there's no Hip Hop Aptitude test required to have success in music 
@Faience Don't even JOKE about that kind of thing. 
@daniellllle i didn't even notice that you twittered me.  sorry i almost killed us  but were alive so get ready for this weekend!
@petewentz i've def experienced the agony of shampooedddd eyes &amp; its no fun  ...maybe you should make a brand of it for adults?
@selenagomez_ poor selena...  have fun with joey!
Happy Mother's Day! I'm missing my 2 boys away on their trip. 
@klbeasley @murphysg Can we look more at the end of May- even mid week? Reports to do and mum visiting before then. 
is tired but has had a fun weekend.... tomorrow school 
@purekismet not funny. it hurt  i prolly have a hand print on my face
It sux 2 know other moms r enjoying brunch &amp; quality time while I'm eating dinner I paid 4, w/ basketball  on the background while we eat
Ok I admit it I am watching the apprentice. But first I watched the finale if the amazing race. I wish I could do the amazing race 
Still chilling in Austin. Going back to SA tomorrow  blehh. Not excited...
@lalavazquez U aint respond back to none of my tweet  ...hopefully u read them n ....and i hope u really enjoy ur day
ughhhh im so freaking stuffed  food was amazing though!
waited after the event last night in the Hilton to see @aplusk but he snuck out a different door somewhere 
so annoyed by the Celebrity Apprentice finale 
i feel so bad for my mom no one should have to go through that. and even better on mothers day. fhl 
@meganpazz ijfoaijw ahhh you're going to see ATL again too?? *evil eyes you too* i miss them  no fair
@sarzburg You make me proud. I'm studying. 5 weeks until exams 
is angry! I missed the Brothers &amp; Sisters SEASON FINALE b/c all the main broadcasting channels (3, 5, 6, 8, etc) went out on ALL the TVs. 
Going to bed now... Finished Spanish finally. Funeral tomorrow 
@jrocc I remember fools used to make fun of me because I played so much Dilla. &quot;Awww More Dilla and Madlib&quot; --real talk!!! 
@stevenlabree thanks i will ask her for them! I wish I was there, too!! 
@alysonchampion dont get upset when you find out there is a reprise to gonna be good..... its not as good as the first one. 
@Zillaman u just aite all types of food at Zina crib and didnt even think about me!!!!    
@mackenzie_ann i knowww! its not as fun and i miss you too! summer sucks  lol
Plans for Redwood got cancelled. I even put on my Oly style clothes on. 
Finished with dinner but a little upset that orlando lost to boston 
@tiffskidmore heard youre coming to town this weekend! why am i always gone when you come?  not fair.
@spazzgirl Oh, I'm so sorry.   Happy Mother's Day from your Tweeps!
doing : alignment + bold title content   dapat teh tarik sedap nieh... tak gitu syed?? )
I am not happy looking at those videos of Trent lately.  He looks weird and sickly to me, I don't know why 
Back to work when Madurai is still to recover from the festive mood 
enjoyed today with brian, carol and mom, but is sad that amy had to miss out  get well soon sister!
#I am really #bored #so I decided to do some #excessivehashtagusage ing. #it #is #fun but not there's not as #syrup as #waffles ...  #3d
@TOProject I'm jealous Rich! I still havent been 
@omcristine lol hopefully i do faint, and get an A for trying.The pity grade always works. The telly was fun, im sorry you couldnt go. 
Family Guy was not very funny tonight 
@Ohrio AHH i'm so jealous, i have 200 pages to go  I have to stop reading to re do MacBeth questions i failed. have a science quiz too 
Mother's Day's no fun when your mom is in the hospital 
thinks life really isn't fair, especially when bad things happen to good people 
had a wonderful, memorable graduation! but...a horrible dining experience at olive garden! 
@lollipop26 ahhhhh so jealous haha! is been so long since I've been to Japan 
@jonas_twilight3: that i even lyke lyke him 
waking up in the AM to leave my depressed, unemployed boyfriend, i really feel awful... how are we going to make the rent?! 
@fotofobe i know that feeling! i've had it a couple times this semester. it's not fun. 
I've lost my datakey. Its like losing a favorite pet; I took that little fella everywhere. Oh the fun we had, the data we shared. 
Have to get my wheelchair fixed! Not happy.... 
I miss my girl!  I know she's having a fun Mother's Day with her mom and rest of family though!
it's nice to be in my own bed, buttt i'm still not happy. 
Gene's moving to the valley tomorrow and im feeling sort of depressed about it. 
starting my take home exam... i'm glad it's take home so i can get a good grade, but i can't bring myself to settle down and do it 
I'm in the mood to stay up all night and make stuff again. I wish I could but I better get to bed at a fairly decent time 
will have a test on Labour Ordinance this evening....  nervous...
@psanchez If I could justify or even pay the cost of such a thing I would definitely meetup with you and @ViMad8 
@LisaMantchev but we're going to try ;) This contest is really fun haha. But now it's dark so we have to wait to destroy until tomorrow 
Mother's Day Today... Kids had fun, but I get to say good bye to the boy toy tomorrow 
@rkref Nice quote from one of GA's &quot;finest&quot; Erick Erickson. I'm so proud of my state b/c of hatemongers like that. 
Ugh this history paper is killing me. Its not even hard I'm just lazy and tired 
is mongoloid don't fart on pillows. having pussy eyes isn't very fun 
@Davisjd64 awww! Atleast she will be home soon. Glad you had a good day tho. I hope you didn't cry when you left. 
I think my momma had a good mothers day, I beshowered her with so many gifts! =D aaaaah, I want moar funfetti CAKE 
no1 wished me a happy mothers day 
@lisahpark i am sooooo jealous.  i just don't understand how seattle got a showing and chicago didn't. sadness. tell me how it is!
@AnthonyM_ lol sweet. but the pen left me with a cut on my hand...thats why i cant type good now  and ps. the paper doesnt even turn....
@snazzysophie oh, Friday is not going 2B fun 4 you! I had tht dun.U can't eat,it takes FOREVER,and Uwill feel like shit after.Sorry babe! 
Watching Celebrity Apprentice, and upset I now know won before watching the end of the show!  Good news is: I'm happy with the results!!!!
@KindNotes @cheeriokeeper I'm craving a milky way LOL.. not sure why but unfortunately no chocolate in the house 
@Scotthomas Really? That's kinda lame. All I did was wish him a happy birthday 
Just got back from Atlantic City - I lost!  but it was fun!  Tat's in town!!! 
In a bit of pain. I really hope I just pulled some weird muscle and it isn't kidney related. Don't have the $ for a Dr! &amp; no insurance! 
while the bounce house made yesterday amazing, I am in way too much pain today because of it... kind of sad how out of shape I feel 
@Mrs_NickJ07 i know but i have to use strong tape to stick and i almost cried because of this!   it was like a funeral!
Off to bed, need rest for funeral tomorrow 
Wants a robo.to invitation.  Desperately.  
@dYmOnDsTuDdEd how u gone plug another model and even plug me? 
Trying to fall asleep to the sweet sounds of Greg Laswell.. It's not working unfortunately 
I'm so horny where's my man ....oh yea in the Virgin island  I should play with my licking beaver sounds like fun yummmy
Boy is awake &amp; its almost midnight. He's coughing like crazy &amp; not even the cough syrup w/codiene is helping. We're rocking in his room. 
@FairyFootprints, I looked for some magic at the videomovie store. I didnt find any till I went to Disneyland, and now it never ends 
(@MzBeautyful) I'm so horny where's my man ....oh yea in the Virgin island  I should play with my licking beaver sounds like fun yummmy
I don't want to start summer A class tomorrow.  On the soccer front, Michael Bradley and Moenchengladbach rose out of the relegation zone.
Everyone is crying on The Amazing Race and it's making me sad. 
My brother's visited me today!!! im so happy again!!! their having a mother's day dinner with us, then they have to go back home... 
pissed that victor &amp; tammy won amazing race. 
i wish i was dead so i could see u happy one day!! so emo xional 
@JoyofZen mmm genius idea. now I want one 
Barbeque with the family. Played volleyball, Robert was awesome and I was very bad. I was always picked last in school  -Norma
Family Guy was f'in awesome once again!! Really bummed that next week is the Season Finale tho   Looks like a great finale tho, of course!
it's almost 12am.... Just wishing myself one last happy first mothers day..  thanks me.
@slashfilm an amazing epic space battle at the end and not Nero running away and getting killed 
Why did my back pain come back? Is it stress related?  and why am I choosing to freeze to death rather than closing the window?
I'm not enjoying this Mother's day 
does not enjoy losing her wallet. 
annoyed i lost my phone 
@ianhirschfeld on my way home from baby sitting we drove by King Fungs GARDEN!!! hehe...it made me miss you more than i already do 
  Just got to work; not a fun way to spend the night....
im so tired. had quite the eventful weekend, almost sad to see it end. back to work tomorrow 
@mzmo The kid-shoving (in slow-mo!) was super-awesome. Also, thanks to you, I got back into hockey just in time to see the NY teams fail. 
I love morning weather I feel it's clean and freash,but am not gonna enjoy it cuz am going to school now   http://twitpic.com/4yqsn
i didnt even get a mother's day card...  
@JJeventvibe  HAHAHAHAH well yours was proli not involving alcohol  lol lets just say Im very special ..What happened to your eye?
Enjoyed Mother's day with my momma and the ones I love!  Hope everyone had a good weekend... I hate Mondays 
@k_zulu maybe, but i don't think anybody's gonna give me a dollar lol sounds fun, but nobody really cares about my laptop woes 
@jennettemccurdy Steven Curtis' Cinderella song made me cry a lot... I love my dad 
@lornatweettweet thanks lady! i am jealous you and andrea have work out dates. what about meeeeeee 
so. i lost my phone. i think it's in the void of Subway. awesome. my tweets will decrease until i get my little purple guy back 
today was so HOT! and now i'm not going to busch gardens  not fair! well.. i guess i'll go to wet n wild tomorrow..
Family Guy - NOT funny joke tonight about the death of River Phoenix and his talented brother -   - Seth needs a slap
Goodnight Mohegan Sun. Enjoy my money 
 ... I seriously have on problem shaking you up... Even for like a night.. 
watched Hatchet. Great slasher flick. Lots of gore and fun. Now watching My Name Is Bruce. Not as fun as I want it to be so far. 
today was fun but now im bored 
irritated. but excited to go to wilmington this week...I miss those people 
Oh the joys of the Walmart lines in south OKC 
Mitch's mom made an amazing chocolate cake (yes on Mother's Day) for my bday. So good he says I am not allowed to take leftovers to work 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mommy's. My day sucked working all day and still at work dint see my jefa till tomorrow no bueno 
@jabop Nooo! I just changed into my jammies. Boo. Enjoy Family Guy and pizza without me! 
@AngelG76 Well I worked hard on this and now you can't see it..and everyone left! I can't even take a good pic of my Tweety bird!! 
even though it was a stupid dream.. it's annoying me so much.   (and no it isnt mark btw its someone else,)
When did i become just annoying and not funny? 
@TheRealJordin I'm jealous. I don't have anyone to see them with when they come here. 
How Can I Fall - Breathe   If I could find this album I'd die happy!!!!  unfortunately its been out of print for near on 20 years 
i should've offered big fun to bang my mom for mother's day. 
Didn't get to see either of his awesome roomates on his birthday 
@snailbird Least you were in the same country.  I will be happy to get back to the States. Miss my mommy. XD
I'm making a work schedule for SA Fam ... it's stressing me out! Being in charge is not fun sometimes 
@AZNKIM Whoa you seem a bit upset 
had an amazing mothers day, now off to prepare for another week of school.  PROM SATURDAY!(: cant wait.&lt;3
@Ericto144 Thanks! Unfortunately I can't leave early because of the workload  Just gonna take it easy at work.
@lartist a) Damn   b) Glad you're looking forward to it   c) Of the songs I Tweeted to you, were there any you liked?
@HAMMER32 AAGGGHHH! SHUT UP! I don't want to hear about how awesome this movie is 
@thatgirlmystic  hope u enjoyed regardless then..
Finding some shade in sunny San Diego for Mother's Day. My Mommy was working though   http://yfrog.com/e5bpaj
wow. i haven't gone a night without talking to you in a long time..... it isn't fun.  &lt;3333
It really does hun. I may not even get on the internet 
@VegasBill never a bad one. Unless you count my contributions to the local economy via craps table   But even that was fun
@babygirlparis looking forward to the new season! I'm so upset I wish I would have known so I could have tried out!! 
ah. worst migraine ever, couldn't even open my eyes. 
@kelsie12000 I just feel bad for the guys - they do soooo much for all of us so when some people get less than happy news...sad 
@fitsme2 had one negative comment   didn't take is personally i have worked very hard to get were i am i earned the right to boast
@TS_Elliott That's awesome.  I'm VERY spartan, but my wife is a design freak.  So too many frilly girly things crowding me in. 
My dentist is awesome and my dad had a worse day than me, so I feel bad about whining about my teeth hurting. But they do. 
@KernelReefer debate work (&lt;3) &gt; sleep. Unfortunately sleep is probably inevitable 
feels very loved by her DF family, but unhappy that things aren't peachy keen with many of them 
@seanmoorhead You fell for the TAG ads, too?  Even I knew that ShamWows would eventually drip.  Got sucked in by the pheromone pitch. 
@kimmee0424 Sadly we learned that from experience!!! I still feel bitter about that!!!  
kinda depressed... vancouver will be in a rut for a while 
twitter isnt workin properly   not fun when ur stuck on the couch!
twitter isnt workin properly   not fun when ur stuck on the couch!
I cant belive you out of all people would make fun of me! 
@kellygirl27 Not fair! I wanna go!  Just listened to Nobody Wins and now I'm listening to Texas In 1880, happens to be the 1 w/ Pat Green
I love 24. Such an awesome show. Fringe tomorrow finale 
annoyed at how long it takes to get a Dart Search DFA report, even when using the defer function, i only get it at the end of the day 
Ummm intervention I'm an alcoholic and abuse drugs and I drink hand sanitizer cause I'm desperate to get drunk anthony I wanna cuddle you 
Can/is acne related to stress? Otherwise there is NO explanation for why i'm breaking out so bad. I NEVER have acne! 
Reading the Bhagavad Gita. Back to work in 8 hours...then endless amounts of school work. Tomorrows gonna be an even longer day 
@FreeMindStuck yeah i hate doing major surgery on laptops lol.. sounds bad, i'm going to have to do my screen and keyboard eventually 
@Bluenscottish Distance isn't so much fun  Would much rather have her in my arms again.
Shawn &amp; mark are my FAVE couple!! Even tho the jdges liked this dance, I found it a lil boring  I'll still probly vote 4them tho! Marks
@tararuj Yard sales are fun to go to. But not to setup and run yourself. 
This sucks... I slept away the evening and now I won't go back to sleep til way late 
i am possibly going to wheeling this weekend to see my friends graduate even though i should be with them.  it's going to be a sad day.
@arm_candy: @tweet_genius my TG won't update at all after a battery pull and all. I even redownloaded it and nada  @boygenius
been up since 6:30 this morning... so tired... and not even close to sleep 
I have two more exams tomorrow. Bleh. Physics is not fun right now 
@archujonas Haha aww that's too bad.  I'm having issues with Twitter also. It never gives me all replies even tho I have it set at that ha
My MOH bailed out, and my sister let me down.. wait.. thats the same event..  I love my little man.. he takes such good care of his mommy!
I am sad about Jon and Kate + 8.  Jon had an affair.
yogurtland study breaks are always good.  and yet still, amazingly awful ideas.  back to studying 
@mikejlee Didn't actually end up going   But the bbq was fun! We have too much leftover food...want some strawberries??
Just came back from pre-lvn class. About to study with Jane.  Even more studying.
I am super incredibly bored right now. Even the usual things aren't really amusing to me right now 
@AMAZING725 they took down our Six Flags  lol but Houston is a cool city
SO happy to be back in the STL!! but i'm gonna miss my roomies 
Our efforts to kidnap Mr. C were averted... Even after the tackle!    (we will get you next time HizO!)
i am jealous of girls who don't need a bra... i wish my coconuts were smaller 
 why is my heart sooooo sad but by soul is joyful??
@mary_kate_olsen ooo fun!!!! I'd love to be their next victim!!! too bad it was fake fur  I'll cut up my real fur for ur next portrait!!!
Long day at work  Home now, but have to head to practice. I love it. Parisa, I love you. Mike, your food looks awesome, OFF TO SHRED.
Watching George Carlin's first HBO Concert - Amazing. I was fortunate enough to see him in concert here in #yyj B4 he died.  I miss him 
Oh man. That IHOP was DELICIOUS. Tastes even more delicious after a win, haha. Can't wait until Wednesday! Work tomorrow. 
@Cubikmusik comin back Saturday evening 
@joeymcintyre very disappointed my shows were canceled today  but glad 2 hear y'all are gonna make up it up 2 us! Please come 2 NC! xoxo
Sooo, I was thinkin of cheatin my paper and double spacing, but it didn't even bring it near 40 pages  I'm barely on 16 pages.... :\
So exhausted.  Frustrated with work, church, friends, just about everything.  It's wearing me out so fast.   I need a vacation
@itsonlywords &amp; the largest proportion of voters to residents ever measured 
@gregorystorer  VPN down again--- happy tuesday  
@missgiggly Jealous! Scalp massages are the best. And hand, and feet... I want a massage now 
@sweetlexo what?! But i was so excited! 
Waiting to get my refund on R2 Game #7 tickets... 
is resting from a really hard day...and very long. I'm so happy I'm some-what a part of their family. Sad... 
stillll cleaning  but cant wait to snuggle with Kaitlyn yum yum tonight in my amazing comfy bed!!!
thank god for wine and friends. even if at the end of the night, you're alone. 
Like wounds we get once in a while, so do mistakes that we make every now and then. Life has some bitter truths worth accepting. 
@kareddie apartment, school fund, I see none 
@JonathanRKnight Even those of us who have been 2 shows already would still be sad.don't know what pple sd,but ur post sounds kinda mean 
@v1000 no u can not!! @ian_watkins is wonderfull and its not funny if u dont actually like him 
Im CRUSHED!!! I ate it  ....it wasnt even good! OMG i PRAY i dont get sick!!!
@BrandBaylis Awww ... I wanted to go and all my girls flaked on me. Have fun without me. 
Feeling understimulated  I earnt too many monies last year. Can't even buy a new push-bike 
@mmitchelldaviss my mom says to me yesterday &quot;i was expecting a mitchell davis video telling me happy mothers day&quot; but there was none 
@BigCityDiner Yes, I did, but unfortunately I won't be able to make it for breakfast. 
This 1 mosquito is making my life miserable right now 
@DominicLopez_  I know, I'm so proud of myself too! And wow, you make me feel guilty. I wasn't aware i was that depressing. 
@mayhemstudios That's so awesome! Makes me wish I would have actually done something with my saveorshave.org project tho 
im really excited to see my daddy..he's in work for a week..and he's now coming home!yehey! i miss daddy! 
@tunedtochords ugh Feel better. Stomach ache here  no fun 
i'm so upset. the season finale of house was so fucking sad! he has officially lost his mind 
Packing  Glad I got to come down , though.  It was good to get my SoFla fix.  Heading back tomorrow afternoon. I can't stand good byes.
Do NOT want to go home!! This restaurant is amazing... Cheese plate on it's way also, waves lapping at feet. Almost plane time though 
How can I get gastro again? Twice in two weeks is unfair! 
Money, money, money! Must be funny! In a rich company! I've been  told paying 42K USD (6 man-months)  is expensive! God save my project 
Aahhh.had a bad case of the Mondays  glad it's over...now If I could only get rid of this damn cough the week would be perfect.
back in karachi!! LUMS was awesome! pity it was only 3 songs 
lost my appetite that i dont even feel like finishing my chipotle.. that says alot 
The last period/overtime were freaking nerve-wracking, but we won! Game 7 is tomorrow night, and it's 3-3. Not happy that I'll be working 
@ThePerfectSpot I wish I could!  Unfortunately, I'll be writing tomorrow night. 
@TheAngelsAnna glad I got my PINK SLIP...oh yeah apologies about this weekend loads of susss happened saturday  I ain't 4get about u tho
Thought a day off school would be funner... 
@SummerSunRays I didnt enjoy it, but it destroyed the lawn 
@DrMiracles I don't have a celeb twin!  fun contest tho!
@shamara99 Goodnight.  Even thought we didn't talk much...    LOL
is really angry at her KitchenAid mixer. Also really pissed at CSAA. Bad mood Mare 
is officially upset w herself 4 allowing this bs 2 even happen. I lost my rick flair 
Haven't touched my website for a week  http://www.niquehappy.com/blog
So depressed i don't think i'm going to get out 
@VennardRose u probably have the right number my phone is being gay.. its not letting me call or text..  so i will get it eventually..
My 26 yr old son passed away on May 5, 2009...my heart is so broken, that I find it difficult to even breath at times.  I miss him 
@anniewersching 24 was awesome tonight.  Next week's finale is bittersweet.  I am excited to see it but then the season is over  
bored! dont want skl to be an even day tmrw  eh night twittlers
lol that's funny... anyway, i'm using mac  but will ask Marc about windows7 when he gets home mamaya...
Also. People should Tweet to me some more... im getting lonely  but not really. although it is fun to find new messages to and or about me
@xXDrgnGirl76Xx Galaxy Quest is a great movie. And it's not mean to us Trekkies either. It's straight on funny. Sorry about your boys. 
@cassieventura I'm sorry but I really don't like your new hair. 
sound fun  but mom got me my own suitcase and a new bed! Yay
I ONLY HAVE 456 FRIENDS ON FACEBOOK  not even close the the one billion that i want (i'm JK)
@xdahlia Of course, yes.  But Alex got so little time to show his stuff. It wasn't fair, and I remember SCREAMING at my TV at Simon. RUDE!
It's funny how much less I update since Twitteroo broke 
Even my MacBook Pro gets exhausted! Nice to know I'm the only one having no license to sleep! Sigh. 
@Huebear: I agree.He was a awesome artist in school.I missed him.Good friend! DAMMIT!!  sucks. We must always stay close bro.OK ;) LV YA
Looking forward to &quot;GLEE&quot; on Fox?  The Deaf/Hard of Hearing won't be gleeful for sure because the ads for this show AREN&quot;T CAPTIONED. 
Sleep... Kim's Funeral... Closing by myself... Text it... Sick &amp; Tired of feeling this way 
@sidv v leavin 2dy evening 
can't sleep, no appetite, still upset and just don't know what to do 
Sociology unit 1 in two hours, joy. 
@johnBLG youre not even going to be in new england! i just checked your dates 
@AshleyMashley I didn't even see the air horn comment until just now!!!  but yes I dislike him bc he likes to blow too much!! Hahaha!!!!!!
Staying up until forever, unfortunately 
@PragueBob i'm so sorry. news like that is sobering...no need to be cheerful. 
Glad the Mavs won!,.....Taking a quiz tomorrow!!!  Goodnite ya'll
@chkchkchi I feel miserable, too  GO ON YOUR PHONE!!!
@iamsuperbianca you must be enjoying i envy you. i wish i could travel too but my schedule does not permit. too bad 
no ruddbucks for me unfortunately, as confirmed by ATO - I earned too little.  #fb
doesn't even know how the heck twitter works 
@oanhvovan yeah last day of school was pretty bad!  hope you enjoyed the &quot;pranks&quot; and yeah...how are you?
@Sugarwilla Yeah.... I am SOOOO upset about the #Canucks... 
@davidlebovitz The day here is waning, a sunny autumn day, for me - full of housework  Aaaah! Time for coffee.
@ohitsalexb lol, I wrote that tweet wrong.  Starfire was awesome. I was a beast boy... boy.
Whoaaaaah, very glad I didn't buy that plane ticket to the US after all. I must be psychic. 
I'm so upset right now 
@whoisCG I can't even get to bed 
@greatmethod unfortunately, we don't have paypal or alertpal in South Africa 
Sorry everyone.. Somethin came up.. I can't make it tonight  have fun at Kress
home. launching @ 8pm EST. drinking coffee. glad to be home after running around putting 900$ in everyones banks except mine. 
@edrafalko 14 years experience, and i couldn't even get a frigging callback.  my life sucks.
Gah! Sick kid and I was supposed to be in a performance today  No fair!
misses tivo had to watch desperate housewives online 
Fun night with Bekah Kristin and the boys! Exhausted now... Don't want Bekah to leave tomorrow 
I can't believe how much studying I still need to do for my econ final    but I'm excited about working at old navy!
@TJP5082 @sunnysidesup bus shelter window so the wind was howling through 
I am Happy about the release of the new Sylver Album ''Sacrifice''. It's so annoying to wait until it will be released here in Germany 
&quot;All that sunshine! You may even need a bit of suncream! - And then the rain around the South....&quot;  Aww shut up weather lady '_' 
Just got in from Drip at the Grace Hotel. Cute party. Cute boys. Cute music. Cute swimsuit. But no money to kiki. I even took the 6 home 
(cannot say this eloquently) I will enjoy these last few days of freedom before the destiny and fate have their way with me... 
@starleigh oK thanks, cant believe out of the hundreds of channels we have we dont have that one  Enjoy!!xx
@jcookonline It was so much fun. It makes me wish that Denny's would still let them do their Warped Tour afterparties though 
@nicolerichie &amp; are you excited for Gossip Girl ? xD It's so unfair, here in Holland they stopped GG, and it will start the 16th of june 
I need to get over this cold so I can go to a big awards evening on Thursday. Trying to rest up, so no gym until it's passed 
pizookies AND dance party with hats.  AMAZING!!  I love my friends so much.  not ready for them to leave.  
http://twitpic.com/50vxz  here's the collage I made for the funeral for his family!  
I'm such a loserrrrrrrr!!! I thought I'd taken a pic of my FKC post for today and I hadn't!!!  Now I'm done and I can't even post!!! 
@leocomerlato im sorry i would be upset too 
@BelCrawford awesome, wife and I were hoping to check it out too... couldn't get our babysitter tonight though 
Another vomit at 4am. A whole load of cuddly toys got it. Glad I live next door to a doctor. 
@StephenKelly I agree. http://tr.im/l6ye - I apologise for the stream. Unfortunately, this is the only form of negotiation that works. 
Business plans are pretty much the opposite of fun 
@stephenfry Unfortunately while I'm struggling to feed my family war in another country seems less pressing then MPs wasting my tax money 
Poor @bekimccabe just spend 40 dollars on a dvi to tv adaptor that wont even work on her computer..  with no returns too.. Poo
Look at my @dboy8199 MY lil homeboy even tho he dont call me nomore  http://twitgoo.com/379e
My tummy is upset..  Wonder if I ate something bad.
@bellsg unfortunately not 
Our DVR didn't tape the last couple of minutes of American Idol.  So upsetting.  I wasn't ready to see &quot;him&quot; go. 
not completely happy with the result  @rocksteaLady @RyanSeacrest @IdolNews
I'm jealous that Lindsay gets all the cool thunderstorms. She doesn't even like them 
fantastic.. my ipod got ran over by a car.. my dad's being a very unreasonable jerk about it.. 
Oh man, now I'm conflicted.  Apparently one grad school really likes me.  And I haven't even applied there yet 
Love the TOP 5, but unfortunately not the TOP 2 
Watching afv! Funniest show EVER! Working on essays to0, my back hurts 
LOST is amazing!! One more season! I may cry!! 
my order on N95 masks fall thru. Manufacturer just couldn't fill the order even it is in stock at time of order 
it's really unfortunate that I'll probably never have the Renaissance man 
@lenars  yes unfortunately, i stayed over at a friends house and i guess i caught something over there
Upset about who won antm  
I AM SO UPSET! ALLISON DIDN'T WIN!  Ughhh.
Tired tired tired. When is god ever gonna move in me? Ugh! Happy anniversary jbob! Work tom a.m 
some people are......uhh wonderfull 
is in a funk ... 
happy about kraddam finals! ^.^ disappointed about allison on both idol and antm 
would anyone like to adopt an amazing kitty? i'm moving and can't take her with me... 
So i feel like shit nothin works for me i cant b happy rite now 
Not happy  I don't like it when people post results! It spoils it for those that TiVo shows!!!!
show tonight was pretty awesome. doing a little bit now, hopefully fixing my broken camera.  then bed!
hmmm danny left idol     hopefully adam wins it all! such an amazing talent he has
@orblivion haha...oops.  even if it is next week, i'll miss it, thanks to my dress rehearsal.  
sooo upset I missed little rascals on tv today  I love that movie.
@androidtomato @HAMMER32 TweetDeck keeps getting me excited 
I don't like not seeing others' @ replies...it makes me sad...and frustrated! 
Slow evening on the social networks 
Not happy Comcast is making me use an infernal box to watch TV now. I miss the simplicity of analog 
glad kris is in finale! but is really bummed about friendships. and just getting hurt. and her heart hasn't been doing good today... 
Cleaning windows and putting in a big fat rug at 9:30! NOT fun! I'm soo tired and I still don't feel good! 
 secretly fighting over boys , secretly Jealous of there 'flirting' .. Hmm , i'm sick of it  and i can't go any longer. Sorry hun. . .
i am so stressed and my boyfriend wont even give me a hug 
ok... now again im free to get some rest... no more collage for 2 weeks what a happy life... sucks that i still have to go to work 
Sorry folks... Blip FM won't create the links  I can't &quot;serenade&quot; you this evening...
Who is going to bay to breakers this sunday? Since there is no costumes or alcohol allowed this year, the fun has been taken away 
American idol is bs!  not happy with results
can't believe twitter's number one trending topic is robert pattinson.. o.o &amp; here i am, expecting for a current world event or the like 
My gosh!  I wish I were rich... even if I just had a slight abundance of cash, that would be good.  It used to be that way for me 
@TonyKingisFunny Like...I'm trying to find a silver lining in that cloud...BUT....nothing about that sounds good...sorry 
She's too funny, can't wait to see her it's been 7 long months without my mama 
is super thrilled that the two david's are here. wish i could watch the concert  http://plurk.com/p/tof1h
Moment of silence for Danny Gokey.  *sniffles* He was, no, he IS awesome.
Yay!! I am so happy Kris Allen! Sad for Danny Gokey 
@DancerAsh It REALLY is! It's doing too much and if this wind doesn't calm down, my big ass umbrella is gonna embarrass me tomorrow 
So far my dinner this evening has consisted of Rolaids, Sprite, &amp; a VIP spot beside the toilet   p.s. w/my B.Berry to tweet between pukes!
Watching Lost alone is NO FUN!!!! I need someone to scream at the tv with. 
Watched Event Horizon again. Am fucking terrified. I don't want to be alone 
@toewithouttheE im jealous 
@Starrynightobx i'm working unfortunately 
 Next year! Let's host a kick ass All-Star weekend and then win it all! I'm so proud of you guys. MFFL
Happy was immediately ruined by that insanely inappropriate dream that i still can't shake off 
@FuschiaFoot my take some time unfortunately. 
@LuisferC you don't even talk to me in msn anymore  good luck in the English Final exam (yn)
@timeladyk Most of the loose ends are amazingly wrapped. There are one or two they they are leaving loose because of actor schedules 
really REALLY misses him  and it hasnt even been a week yet..ughh. job interview tomorrow, imagine my excitement.
My cat has acted really weird tonight. He's being mean to Nick.  he's really upset or something.
@soaps3 Be thankful, I thought I would get some lost tweeting time in just no the case  NOW I will be
Lucas bought Peyton Cure tickets!! No fair. And i miss my blonde hair 
wants to avail Cebu Pacific's Happy Hour promo, but dunno when to go 
Have to be spinning a lot of content for a Friday deadline 
I miss you coach bag  hope you are happy in your new home
feels bitter cos I won't be able to watch the &quot;davids&quot; concert. 
Not a happy bunny this morning. Woke up at 3:30am and couldn't go back to sleep. 
@cawowin_nose local geocacher's going away party event thing. one that I'll really end up missing  stupid texas. not hardly a state nemore
is feeling a little weird today...think i might hav to giv the gym a miss and rest tonight even tho i dont want to 
@happylovesChuck Ahh, I want BTIC. 
Didn't think today's results were fair 
I'm so retarded i do'nt even know how to spell Stalking 
cannot concentrate on anything remotely related to work 
@chneux i have no trip $... it will need to be for school tuition i owe $  no fun or fair... *wiping tears*
Went on a 16 mile bike ride with my little brother today, it was amazing! gorgeous scenery, but the seat killed my butt! 
@camorose I'm SO JEALOUS! I want one so bad. 
I'm off again. I have to buy new car tires for my Yaris after I've had a flat tire yesterday evening. This sucks 
Sad neither Brody nor Bryan (nor Jensen) showed up to Maxim's event 
@sspader1 aww I hope you will still do reviews  I really enjoy them. Hope all is well with you
@pagankinktress PS: i'm trying to rope in more friends for scrabble on facebook, but nobody wants to play     yahtzee be fun too
gastric &amp; heartburn together is no fun 
sitting here.. isn't fun anymore.. 
Someone didn't react the way I wanted him to when given his awesomely suprising gift 
@Fun_Girl_Jane we are missing you at the Maxim Party! 
@jayjaykazaz ahah you love my funny moments huh, too bad they are not captured on camara  are you still at work?
@robfrith Awesome, but your websites down at the mo, so I can't get on to have a look 
Awesome. Finally got Hulu.com working in Japan albeit with some minor compromise (by way of ads) 
Intense but awesome Lost episode tonight. Next season not starting until 2010! 
@NadiaFN David is enjoying the visit here. And I'm not... 
@semicaustic Well that's no fun 
@needlekineval haha,..unfortunately i didn't get to indulge in the avocado milkshake.. 
Too Much of Anything is Good For Nothing, Even Happiness! 
@bittersweetm All day long I havent been able to hit your tumblr. 
I just watched David Archie on Eat Bulaga. Friggin' awesome. I wish I could watch the concert, though. 
Back to work today, miserable amounts to do  still feel a bit ropey but putting on a brave face.
@jwipe Idk about that cuz Adam even though his voice irks me he has a big fanbase that has carried him to the finals 
is enjoying caramel crunch to make herself feel better  http://plurk.com/p/toy0z
Just looked in the mirror for the first time in like a day&amp;my face is even more swollen..Ahh  nausea&amp;pain. I should have a great night.
@theysayjump Yeah, I'm really not looking forward to the year wait  Love the way they ended it though, amazing.
@Musojourno OMG i am about one thousand jealouses!!! that is my ALL TIME FAVOURITE 
@jonsoklahomagrl how was your birthday? Did u do anything fun? Sucks that jon hasn't been on..I was hoping he would dm u 
@glorysevenfold poooooooooooo  we shall catch up soon enough ;)
i slept funny - now my neck hurts 
I hope it don't rain for Sunday! I was excited to go back to r.valley!!!! 
@Chedaboi It has been madness but I couldn't even fully update my Twitter cos it wasn;t working 
Thank god for #lost! That was awesome. Now... we wait. 
my back/neck hurts baaaaaad  and tomorrow I get a needled poked in my neck... what a fun filled day
its too early, and im going to be late for school. oh well. and parents evening tonight &quot;/ 
@alicia_luvs_u Hahahhaa that's funny! Ps. Some guy tweeted LOL to me  idk why he's laughing! hahhaha
@happysponge sadly no.  listen to magic. They said that the Davids have arrived on the station
A days training - great... and I'm not talking exercise unfortunately 
@lyngoldberg and unfortunately one of them is my grandmother.  My dad is in therapy because of how she didn't even try to really know him
...Or be actual friends of people I can't stand. Do I now hv 2 watch what I tweet?? I may actually hv 2 think b4 I start tweeting. No fun 
just start my evening shift!! will be in my office till 10pm 
That is funny Jenny Christodal! Not very green or PC of the gas-guzzling space-hogging owner.. 
Almerimar Forecast: Sunny Low 14 Current 16 High 22. Stoke on Trent Forecast: Wet &amp; Cloudy Low 7 Current 11 High 10. Off to UK today 
@sinatrabean Agreed. I LOVE Simon Pegg and was excited to see that he was in it, but after watching he didn't have very many lines. Sad. 
This night i think made up for my day...i had fun with what i think is a very good friend... i have to wait until 2010 for LOST 
I`m so jealous of people who get to see them and hear them now. 
now i can't even rant without it cutting me off. whatever happened to telephone? Or hell, speaking in person? I sound like grandpa 
@Garythetwit Unfortunately not really. Sunny yes but cloudy as well and too windy 
Arrrgghh! Can someone help me how to make the web_image_link function to work in Mercury LoadRunner 
Still working. Wish I could go out and have fun 
Well, my youngest is 13 today. Happy birthday wee man! He's got a school trip to a safari park too! I feel old today 
Sooooo tired this morning, even though a relatively early one was had.  At work already.....4:30 Dissertation time 
@buhrayaaan Unfortunately, nope.  But I got to chat with him in our YM class discussion.
@tmorello unfortunately i know of no country where govt &amp; army are treated with the same justice as citizens  Poland is no different 
@helenthornber  come to Sydney, come to Sydney, it has been a glorious sunny autumn day here so I commiserate 
Tomorrow is going to suck. Funeral in the morning  RIP Jerry Thomas...Work is not the same without you!
@br0nnie IDK, it's like the moment I get home I just feel ridiculously depressed. Had a good arvo but the moment I got home ... 
@bombDUH its bomn out here but we didn't go to the beach yet we did our chill thing today but loads of fun! wish u was here 
morning all so how r we on this gray and gloomy day 
@simonrim Oh Simon, you've upset me, a humble Man U fan  But as my hubby is L'pool, he sys he's right with u on that one - Tsk - Boys !!
Hi twitterholics how ya all doin? a good day to all xxxxwhat is the weather like were u at? miserable and cold here 
we're all sneezing now, with headaches and the baby's got a high temp. Kristina's got a sore throught.  not fun.
watched &quot;Catch.me.if.You.Can&quot; yesterday with my man, fabulous movie only missed the last 5 not recorded min hahaha Funny based true story 
@nova937music I want coke...no fair 
want to go to the Valley Jazz Fest tonight but I need to do more work  #ihaterotoscoping4eva
Got laidoff tonight. Very unhappy.  time for bed.
@AnalystAlterEgo Yeah, and Twitter being down and my internet not working makes it less fun. 
Thought Lost was awesome, but hates to wait for like a year to see what happens next. 
@Annazhou im tweeting! how awesome am i? i cant find tina or bree 
@guyhaim  unfortunately not. I started a blog at some point about analyzing ads, but it didn't really continue. #storyofmylife
@Steven_Owlett Let it be known, you are missed.  And the rest of us well, we are just confused.  So much has changed so rapidly 
@laflour click-by-click on &quot;more&quot; button on the bottom of a page..  funny.. 
i think twitter has reached its breaking point 2 nite...unless they change this shit back..its basically reached its max...it wuz fun tho 
yayy  adam and chris omgsoo excited  dont kno who i want to win &gt;.&lt; hopefully dealing w/ some stuff tomorow ugh y r relationships so hard 
@hostilecityjane haha sorry, yell at bud! He told me not to tell anyone 
Hard to get back into the flow of things after a wonderful holiday... the beach, the sand, the waves are all so distant at the moment 
When you have to go, you have to go.. Heading to Concorde Lafayette Hotel for a meeting, unfortunately not for a date  #fb
brrr cold today weather ism't everything. Weather was nice yesterday nice and sunny now too much clouds 
@lindabutterfly I've dealt w/that myself-no fun-so sorry 
@twitty_ricky : why you are so upset 
@danecook i just wanted to tell u if i have to sell my tickets im really sorry n im gonna be soooooo upset im truely sorry if i bug u dc 
@trixie_17 Thanks Sweetheart. I'm so upset about this 
@thenewyorkgiant kaaarrrriiiisssss I been good... enjoying motherhood... missing ny  how you been?
LOST MY WEEKLY UNLIMITED  I DIDNT EVEN USE IT YET
@iwantcandyyy I don`t even know if I can get one!  BUT I SUPER WISH TO HAVE ONE! :&quot;&gt;
@broooooke_ hey i miss the bois but their cumin ova nxt weekend im so happy cant wait but josh hasnt been on and i miss him!!! 
@sarah_star3 nae joy. I'm here already 
its far too early to be up !.........miserable day aswell 
I'm REALLY upset that Allison didn't win Top Model! 
@shaundiviney hope yu havee haeps of fun. im not allowed to go 
@joycefrsh oh no! Dinner with my mom, brother and sister tomorrow  buut I'll meet up after!!
Morning went fast! The shower won't make hot water  I was so angry at it. Setting off for school in 10, so bye!
@DavidArchie I'm glad you had fun. I didn't have the chance to watch the shows 
It looks so nice outside. I want to go for a drive or a walk down pallarenda  fish and chip dinner would be awesome
I'm ecstatic that i have a 4.3 gpa for the semester right now... i highly doubt it will stay after my other two class grades get posted! 
No more lost till february. Not happy  I wanna not what happened.
Now stupid fax no ink, even more TENSI!! 
@KevinSpacey a thrill of anticipation here,still not seen  well congrating for a night show wont do,think thats stupid.But will enjoy w.y.
incredible back pain.  
@treesistable oh no 
 one last thing, even thugh im sad that Danny Gokey went home, Kris was amazing last night! woulden't you agree?
Is happy to be  finally hanging out on the couch with her grandparents.  But old age sucks 
@yoimajunkie I'm watching too. She had amazing energy.  I'm not going to watch the end though 
my night heres not going so well, having a hard time sleeping even with my sleeping meds, i'm stressed and a little sad 
i did i did  happy birthday happy birthday@ptsiampas
I couldn't help listening to this again.  Hopelessly devoted to Chaske Spencer :sniffles: Crush ~D. Archuleta ? http://blip.fm/~68x9a
@RealAdamLambert heyy heyyy adam. im glad that you're on the finals. so sad that danny left though 
is not happy with AI's top 2. 
It's funny, sometimes creativity can hit you in a wave of &quot;do it this way dummy&quot; and yet some days it just deserts one completely 
i feel gloomy today. my pal's father died yesterday. i didn't know diabetes can be that fatal. 
@rachelrock0317 lve been woderin if u can read my tweets cuz u protected ur updates.So even u replied 2 me,l cant no 
@EmptyIsAwesome who you calling a NOOB! 
@heycassadee u guyz were tottaly awesome at columbus but hte rain made my hair dye run 
@heycassadee u guyz were tottaly awesome at columbus but the rain made my hair dye run 
Now 2 hours bwr  With the other Funny guy xD :-D
@hamishandandy thats it! i'm not putting my resume in any more. There is no point.  i'm going home. You dont even like me... do you? Andy?
@charades lol! is it a really republican area? oh dear  sounds like you're having loads of fun already! derby is just as dull and grey...
I'm so set on making everyone happy that i am somewhat reserved and don't always say what's on my mind, even when i should speak up :/ 
PAOLO NUTINI WAS AMAZING!!! I'm sat in college now revising for my exam 
Came across some Sufjan songs-just reminded me how much I love his music, how happy and content it makes me feel. I miss my Illinoise cd 
what i was excited for last time, didn't happen 
@skylinedreams awwww  And your lucky to have such an amazing song with your name, no one sings Galit XD
@realrenegade  not fair
Holy shit last night's Thomas Dybdahl concert was amazing. Didn't get my Animal Crossing joke though 
@warningmark and i upgraded to leopard so why does yours look so sophisticated  i am jealous.
@WeeAl I know how you feel. No curry = no fun 
I missed these events 
I am eagerly awaiting idol results show. We still have to wait 1 1/2 hrs in Sydney 
healing and frustrated, what a fun combination. i miss the freedom of my car. 
I think Samuel Adams is too bitter for me 
Damn, so bored already and English Language hasn't even started. The exam tomorrow and I'm scared. 
@kyledean Update: I might not be in norcal anytime soon, looks like my tourney pball team switched events and I might need to go to that 
@jaybranch Hi, not bad thanks. Spent last two days in London so today is &quot;catch up&quot; time which unfortunately involves paying invoices! 
just going to bed.. fuck work is going to be fun 
the mornin in a file room i wonder what fun could be had with a mound of paper and a photocopier? shudnt the juniors be doing this. 
@RobPattinson_ OMG happy birthday. totally missed you at Glowbal 
Jealous that my brother will watch David Archuleta &amp; David Cook's concert on Saturday  Oh well, I picked another concert to watch in June.
!@dreadpiratemick Unfortunately, it doesn't. 
@perkierthanyou awww that's too bad cause silkies are reli fun.u might wnna research more on the pug 1st cause I heard they hv bad BO 
@hypnophil Yes it's a bit naff for May!  Started off well yesterday, was really sunny, then rain 
Had an awesome dinner, some lovely company, and saw Star Trek. Couldn't ask for more. Except now I'm in bed and can't fall asleep. 
Duuuddee, &quot;Daisy of Love&quot; is awesome. And I'm super tiredd but can't seem to get to bed. Just like last night... I didn't sleep at all 
Nothing like realizing your all-nighter efforts were in vain to make you happy you stayed up until 4 am.  Stinking disk failure.
@yadavamit @shivamsharma i envy you guys!!!  i cant watch it on tv!! but i miss salam and aamir working together, they are so funny!!
Seriously... I don't even care about finance anymore.. 
@darraghdoyle actually its pretty grey here today  been sunny and windy all week now grey and windy... 
I am at my new house! Freedom somewhat has a bitter taste. I am a bit emotional at the moment 
Not really wanting to go to the funeral 
I seriously hate packing... And even worse - I hate the thought of missing a day of work!!!! 
@freygan shame  it's a bright morning here, &amp; I'm having a coffee break...and trying to keep a happy frame of mind...
I JUST DROPPED MY PHONE AND BROKE IT. SO ANGRY. OBVIOUSLY, I WILL NOT BE REPLYING TO TEXTS OR CALLS. 
Almost ready for the dentist, and then on to a funeral   Would rather be at the #gym or #running to get my #diet back on course.
I've never been so excited to wake up at 4am. Huuuuuge spider in the bathroom. Almost accidentally stepped on it wearing just socks. Ew! 
@FSteven @Rabid_R4D The other bait came from @sanaraset but she can't even be in Manila now...sigh...I'll miss her 
I'm kind of glad of the rain and dull weather - 4 weeks on into infection and eyes still not better 
I found myself basking in the sunshine at Perth races last evening and a free bar, but I had to drive  (down '10 on bets)
(@alma2awesome) oh snap. the sleeping pills are kicking in..  goodnight...
I have reached the point of being so tired that I am not   Even trying to center &amp; relaxed breathing won't clear the noise in my head.
I'm up at 4:30am thanks to this WONDERFUL thunder storm  I hate it! I love storms, but not when I'm sleeping and they wake me up.
@timlovejoy Says stream not found  andyway its no contest MACs beat PCs into a cocked hat!
@maialovesarchie i`m so happy there`s a replay, kasi i listened late! 
@DominoAWARE Sounds like a great event!!! I can't make it   http://bit.ly/raVX2#padi #projectaware
@danecook really wanted to go to that show. couldnt afford it though  bet you were amazing as always
@bob_saget Content can't be viewed outside the USA... Well that sucks for your followers from the rest of the world, including me. 
I feel fucked over by the writers of House. But, I have to accept that House will never change and he will never be happy with ANYONE. 
@DavidArchie Thanks for coming to the Phil.! I wasn't able to watch you on TV today though  Hope you enjoy your stay here. 
@jesse_la she's upset that I came home and didn't clean. My head was pounding! I couldn't do anything like that! 
@awesomekong what's happening in the UK in July?  I feel so left out 
Oh my god, Lost... I don't even know where to begin. So fucking amazing, but also incredibly depressing - the most it's ever been. Wow. 
@strandloper fair enough. the one boys mom is HUGE tho, she might win 
@SholaAma  Dentist!! I hate the dentist. Last time I went I didn't even notice my mouth had closed and I was biting his fingers! lol
DANCING AND WATING CAKE!! HOW RUDE! save me somee  i may come in urr room! my sets crap!  everyone just on games lol FUN TIMES  x
duno if I'm gona be fit to do a full day here, my stomach is sore n I don't feel right at all. Not happy!  I was fine earlier!
Oh no they are hard boiled  not dippy!! Not fun x x
A minute ago i was content with life..now im not! 
Off to London for a meeting with @eesdeltasurvey disaster has struck - not even rubbish coffee to be found 
just went to garden as Dog 1 was barking lots.. to find he has dug a great hole under the tree.  OH will NOT be happy!  
@JackAllTimeLow Haha thats awesome. I just left Wiggles...the club you guys shot the dear maria video at, but there wasn't a sweet monkey 
Even facebook doesnt want to hear my jokes today 
@WillCrewdson i'm so jealous!! I couldn't get tickets 
is in a photog exam 12 hours-Joyyyyyyy to the world 
@LJsBaby My problem was that by the time I figured out I didn't enjoy audiology, I was already hallfway to an MA. Waste of time and money 
@gfalcone601 I missed the party  all the fun I missed out on. Bummer. But at least, no hangover  haha
Think I may be getting RSI in my wrists   Any idea how to prevent it from getting worse?
Work-related coding, a vision doc, an intern's paper... where did the day go? It's 2am and haven't got around to editing Ch5 of the book 
is excited about her first twitter... but has no friends  how lonely.
so happy i found my cat. he was missing all day 
Very irritated by being asked to pick up visitors and coffee for meetings I know nothing about. Sent stroppy email. nowt will happen 
It's 2am. Nt raining anymore apparently.  I love falling asleep to the sound of heavy rain. It's very peaceful. Oh well. Night everybody.
@darraghdoyle ooooh I got excited for about 3 seconds there 
@karavas unfortunately no  It is not online.  the link I provided is all I could find
@mstevenson83 Migrainy stress induced headache. SUCKAGE!  But gotta keep pushing on!
@XThe_Happy_EmoX oops haha. delayed i am.  i think mine cant hold more than a gig either... and i need more than that 
It seems that Resident Evil 5 is really designed to be played in CO-OP, it's simply no fun in single player 
@AndrewRatcliffe  That Hotpot looks amazing!! I wish it was lunchtime!! 
@melaniefiona - awwwe shnaps! its sam! i miss her. good Tdot peeps. what happened to her finger?  awesome jam session btw!
Morning everyone! Heavy day of work planned for a Saturday  No fun
@babybluespikes Haha! That's hilarious... but was it REALLY 4 degrees in Markham? How unfortunate 
@AlmostEmily that is pretty damn unfair and rude, too. i don't blame you for being upset.  -cuddles-
I am sat here having a sob!!  Am very proud of my dad for taking his 1st steps yesterday after losing his leg last yr! Just want a cuddle
@sarahjpin oooh have you bought the new one? If so, I'm sooo jealous 
@edkaye Imagine being able to buy A2 prints of some of those big double page spreads from early 2000AD? AWESOME! (will never happen  )
@mattlingard looks like it might turn into 4 questions though and our fun will be over sooner than we thought 
baba has decided that mixing paint and coffee is a good idea, I was enjoying that brew 
My feet are killing me from all that walking around the shops! I can't believe after being so excited I forgot to go into the apple shop! 
@twilightfairy there's some password breaker that does it... Just used it a couple of months ago... But can't remember it right now 
its funny when you prank call someone but really annoying when it happens to you... 
Thinks it's a wonderful evening (morning) for riding bicycles. Too bad hers has a broken tire 
is not happy that she has english now 
@caparsons I live in a rather small apartment (500 sq ft) so in theory, I should be able to keep it clean. Not really, unfortunately 
@fun4fido I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@keithpscott Though it's evening..same!Aint been up long &amp; on 4th cup of coffee..may take a while,son just informed me it's Thu not Fri! 
Got a blood test later for Gladular Fever! 
@hossack haha all i've done is laugh at your twitterings  good to see you enjoying your holidays!! Oh and xxxx is gross!  ptooey! Haha
@rehna_tu not at all. i am not in favour of this o_0   not even the smallest size pic is uploading! trying past 2 weeks but in vain!!!
Isn't shopping at ASDA fun? 
is so blessed attending the youth camp .. but misses everyone 
@odarling I feel like poop! and need to get so much done today before I even think about training it back to N-town! 
i thought it was fun but suddenly it made down. 
is angry at the dog for eating my favourite leotard. as if even do that when i've got ballet in an hour 
We're excited about the summer season of shows, but not about the current state of summer weather 
@StewPenguin Yeah unfortunately  But... some parts were really good. Just... this dratted weather. =P TOO COLD.
annoyed at library fines  sure i didn't get a reminder grrr
@camthecameraman I get one nearly every week. They just don't get the point even after telling them I don't want to change retailers. 
@BeaMarqz and @nicolethorp are making me jealous.  they have yellow cab. 
Grateful for the late call in... But it still means I have to get up in a bit. 
@cscott21 meant to say skrewed smart ass, im majoyrly shiten it ana, ana kane how to revise 4 eng tho? its too hard 
@DonniesGirl69 @DWsEventualWife  its looking like Ddubs going to be down under for his b-day  booo for us  http://bit.ly/FIdQW
just a little upset that brent has left masterchef! 
@ShawneyJ Hi Shawn, why did you NOT thank your fans who voted for you?? Some of them even stayed up all night to vote. 
@timlovejoy Why did you delete your Tweets to me  Scared of a little bit of banter....? ;)
funny that since F2S merged with Tiscali, our always-wonderful connection speed has dropped considerably 
ahh whose excited that its friday tomorrow? well i have an english assesment 
frustrated... sick... wanna go home 
going to watch AI now even though i already know who got eliminated 
Juz finished american idol... danny got voted out  anyways the 3 of them r awesome. Here comes the finale... congrats kris &amp; adam!! ;)
unfortunately Layo &amp; Bushwacka have lost it 
Tunnel last night...total funtimes! Feeling a bit fuzzy today tho 
@xbllygbsn :$ a know a dont look amazing though  :$ well, i dont feel it :$ im no even eating much, an i put on weight fs :@ :$ ...
@JemDevenish Lol. Did you try for theater sports? I forgot it was on 
Wow, last night@Panama was a hard nut 2 crack.Someone even asked Roog If he had some reggaeton?!Got flashed while doing 130 on a 100 way 
i'm uber duper jealous on david cook and archuleta's fans.  i really really wish @taylorswift13 also visits the philippines.
Morning all! I need to go brush up on my knowledge of Freud's psychodynamic model....... Fun, eh? 
@Steven_Gerrard i really wish that this is you stevie and not some fake 
Not very happy about havin to shave my sexy three days beard 
 even Poirot is not making my head feel better.
My mouth tastes funny 
Unfortunately croaky this morning - ouchy ouchy  Painkillers and vocalzone all the way then...
@HayleighStables what's up? 
@PainterMommy sorry- yest. got crzy.  but to answer, yup- happy to have my boys &amp; def. done w/more. dont hav gr8 pregnancies  l
These aluminum mac's are fantastic, but you spend half your time cleaning them 
@JemDevenish oh that sucks.  Can't you miss one night of pilates??? x
@euphoricdreamer so.... That's a no??? 
its a miserable day !!! 
@miley cyrus theres such thing as chocolate covered skittles?:-o how cool. why doesnt ireland have them   your amazing duude, love jen. x
@james_mg im so jealous I wish I was there with you. 
@tommcfly wel im glad sum1s getin better...cz i feel rough as a bears arse! 
mmmmm im enjoying this drink so much!! but im gonna waste it and go to bed 
Getting a bit jealous that some people's @glastofest tickets have arrived and mine haven't yet 
@mileycyrus theres such thing as chocolate covered skittles? :-o how cool.why doesn't ireland have them.  your amazing btw.  love jen. x
@CheekyKerri lol the joys of a family business huni. It will work out, after kicking off I have made my point, just feel a bit odd now  x
Awake and miserable...can't stop coughin...a cherry popsicle just didn't help at all...I just wanna go home...  
@MiCHEllEHuET I ADORE MCFLY, SERIOUS! I am well annoyed that they are not coming to Wales on their U.K Tour. 
@rubiety it was just far too much food period, even it there had been no spice I couldn't have 
@james_brooks @Joy_Inc I love cooking and sometimes he can be so fussy   ok rant over, I do love him very much, he frustrates me sometimes
iPlayer &quot;now playing&quot; streams (simulcasts) unhappy - http://tinyurl.com/o98ak9 and http://tinyurl.com/qpbaw8 
Finally home... Now watch... I won't be able to sleep  sucks... Even tho I'm tired.
@AnnLinny  I'll try to get back to your e-mail as soon as I can! I won't forget!! Even if it might take me a little longer!!! miss you 
@ricotijsen Yea, but still; Random, I love thou! Unfortunately im already done using it 
Study leave is amazing tbh  shame about having to do the exams tho 
@Relz Aw, I'm so sorry!  Being sick is no fun.
Bed time for me ... gonna get up and run ... gotta keep this body banging ... even tho it hasnt been banged in A LONG TIME 
@missingmuse It was fun, but now I have to work 12 hrs. Not fun at all 
wishing things could go back to how they used to be. things change to much. needing to calm down 
@RichRocketship Yeah I know, I have it on my computer, unfortunately Raphael was born the year after the guy in my essay died 
@DavidArchie even though it's delayed, i already know who got voted out.  by ACCIDENT!
Glad its the next day. Slept at my bf's--his neighbor was beating his wife in the middle of the night. Never been so scared. Violence bad 
@rosa_deluxe thanks Lynda. They even took my derby bag  luckily my skates weren't in it.
i have a very lonely life and search desperately for friends  ahh i kid, i just get bored easily  #WhyITweet
NOOOOO. someone in desperate housewives is going to die  thats my favourite show! wah wah  
Very excited to get first call on new office landline.  It was, indeed, a wrong number 
@life_afairytale that's not boring:/ i love that. 
Soooo miserable. :'( worst day yet. Cant wait to get better 
@sarahjoybrown I'm sad, for some reason I'm not seein your tweets anymore. Tried removin u &amp; re-follow, still nothing  Will keep trying
Is glad the hubby's procedure went ok but feel sorry as he's a little sore now and has to stay in hos til 4pm 
Don't forget tonight's meeting is a fun panel night. Please bring in a panel of 4-6 mounted images. Last meeting before the summer break 
soooo happy for my best frienddd! yay well done!... now get your phone fixed  xoxo
Omgh just finished my pe gcse .. Tbh I failed but at least it's 2 down only 19 more to go ... Oh thee joys 
Couldn't sleep last night and my allergy (if it's an allergy) is back. Athens is unbearable! It's way too hot and it's still May.. 
Aww!  When I say my boyfriend's name, my puppy looks up excited.  SHe misses him, too 
Just found out that I got exams in History n Philosophy, n Politics n Human rights... Sort of sad  But also sort of glad 
@icemanfan That's so strange... I couldn't even find your page. Well, I'm glad you're ok! I'm fine, apart from having a bad cold. 
I am sorry for being so happy that Pahang has been cancelled. Okay, Im not happy. I am sad  because that means you people cant go.
Coding up my own DeepZoom control, can't even adapt MultiScaleImage for this project ... 
Thursday, I am glad that God gave me another day I just wish that I felt like doing something with it besides sleeping, I soooo tired! 
@mikebarrett647 I feel ready for bed and it's not even lunch time yet 
@1critic LMAO. I think @chaosingeneral will never watch another episode of Bones again. 
Ooooh Kasabian's new stuff is awesome!  Tom needs to cut his back to how it used to be though 
Argg! No Time With So Ever There's Daaay;s  How Upsetting  my graanda still in hostipal , thats what i do  everyDay  iLoveHm &lt;/3
@an_other That's no fun. Mine was 2 short 4 me but that was my fault. I have 2 start getting offline earlier and go 2 bed. 
Even though I said 'no' to all the continuity up and cross sells I still had the subscription in my account when I logged in. Evil 
@tommcfly went to get ur dvd and didnt get it cuz it didnt cum it so unhappy now  ive it ordered online now so happy lol cnt wait #mcfly
You have heard of &quot;Nice Guys Finish Last&quot;... It's wrong... They never get a Chance to even start... I really hate being the nice guy!!! 
Now i'm depressed..... 
@fffweek Sounds like it's going to be a fab &amp; fun event! I wish I could make it but with the wedding coming up this year cannot make it 
to who? um it would be pretty cool if you did come to aussys capital for fun...and i should study for history..yay!! 
@dougiemcfly aww i'm afraid i can't be awesome. i can't come to the signing cuz i've got college.  booooo x
night, everybody.  it's been a long, tough day.  i'll be really happy when all the dad stuff is settled. 
Miserable grey day, work in a couple of hours.. 
I wanted to go even though it was approx. 4 hours away. LMAO It sold out though.  Good thing it will be televised!
@aconybell: I think I'm developing TMJ - unfortunately my benefits don't kick in until July 1st 
@mrshefcodes ya like i really relaly miss Dubai..but glad im missing the summer more..its harddd out ..but its pretty cold here 
Fuck yeah! Adam's through to the finals! Vote you amazing Americans...although I'm gonna miss Danny 
@insanefreak Would love to help you out with DC's guesting tomorrow at EB but the studio is already fully booked.  SRO won't even do. 
I would much rather be worryin bout the ap exam instead of goin 2 seven classes n have 2 worry bout makeup wurk. Fml. 
just had to turn down tickets to go see an Audience with David Attenborough in Swindon because of my knee.  I'm upset 
realizes nobody wants to give him a Happy Hippo Snack 
that was the most disgusting nose blowing event of the year.  I'm actually nauseous from that one.  
@dougiemcfly cudnt make it to the tour  not fair hope to see you soon doug and u stage dived at manchester? hahaha
@cameronfindlay you lucky things  I have to get up at 3am! Have fun
@lightsdownlow he didn't even give me my merch. i saw him for like five minutes but he was so busy. and didn't want to confuse him 
@Melville183 aaww lucky  im stuck at college while you get to go to the cinema so not fair   btw Gambit ftw!
@misterNV ok CNN was more than right...you would never believe the way it is outside!!!! and even the aircon aint helping ryt now!!! 
@Peety but the thing is, i don't know how to change that function.. my landscape photos sometimes come out blurry 
@ShelbWithGills have fun in career center 
@marginatasnaily i dont even know what to say to him i cant think  i wonder if @rustyrockets will see the dm from @SEXONWHEELS about me!
Am in a foul mood after crappy morning during which all my tech has decided to wage a war against me, even my mac's not playing ball 
Once again, its too sunny to be forced to stay inside. Damn 
@tomblow Not Funny Tom  I am bored 
@diablocody Stunny carb-cradle achievement. but also radical prolife antigay pasta fundraiser. 
has deleted facebook, finally she might be happy about it, gosh why can't people just butt out of my business.  x
So much for Notifications in Facebook...just clicked on the icon and had like 30 notifications.  Didn't even know about then...FB Fail 
@marginatasnaily its made me even more sad as for a moment i got all my hopes up 
The chaps in Army Of Two are not gay enough to suggest they are. There's not even much subtext there... 
@krishgm bah. you're no fun 
@Beccalou37 Aww sorry to hear you have lost your job  Hope you find something new soon. I know how hard it is at the min. Enjoy your skate
I left my room and my learning event is done!!so now I have to say bye to Oslo  
Negative savings 
Just saw the last episode in this season of Lost. Incredible... Cant believe the next season is in January  
@IcarusWingz i enjoy a dabble in the world of rival schools every now and then. they werent that good at leeds a few years ago though 
@ddsy it would be more fun to send tweets through our phones ! 
@TimNeill It won't let me download from a Mac  Thankfully I had a secret stash of college-ruled paper in a drawer.
@Dannymcfly Stop complaining  At least you don't have to go to school at 6am.... The new dvd is AWESOME, btw. The best so far. Congrats!
Doh and now I'm bidding on a G1 Android phone on eBay, I totally forgot it was #synoiz_haemorrhaging_money day  Excited about London tmrw!
i really dont want to be in college right now.. wish it was sunny  !!
How much blood do they need from...they took even more today 
loves how amazing her satin sheets feel this morning... too bad I must part with them 
@solangeknowles Hey Solo, new to Twitter. Um, yeah that did sound kinda sarcastic, but I don't blame you. BET= eh. I miss the old BET 
is glad she only has to get her kids up 6 more times before summer vacation!  Time to get ready for work 
Is SO GLAD that Pau's operation went well!  my poor little boy 
@dark_fairydust  That makes me feel like stupid,SL.I just i'm here for MCR  Somehow they don't reply.My nerves get twisted-hun 
is going to do a spot of shopping this lunchtime - then will have tomato soup for lunch - oh the joys of drastic dieting! 
Feeling a bit dejected at the moment. 
I am battling to find my way round Facebook, even though I am (almost) the geekiest person I know 
@KimberlyDoll awesome video Kimmy, now why cant Ash do that? 
@KarensLostNotes Jacob gave me a headache...LOL  Im so frustrated by how #LOST ended....I guess poor Sawyer will miss Juliet more than I 
@resiliencyyy now i dont even fl like going anymore... 
been up since 6am workin on essay, went to get mcds breakfast, car broke, now in garage, gunna be a fun day i can tell 
So, I woke up and thought it was a Saturday; and for a few minutes, was actually excited that I got to sleep in. Then my alarm went off. 
damn it!I shud be at David and David's concert..but I'm stuck hir on my non-refundable vacation.. 
I cry hopelessly 
Very confused bout a lot of things..glad schools almost over so I can think..goin 2 school now..hoping 4 a good day 
I'm half way through my exams hip hip hip hooray....but why is it dull out? It should be sunny, SUNNY on the one day i could go outside! 
Went to gym and came back. Eventhoough you smoke outside, when you come back in the smoke follows you and it annoys the gym-ers... 
@DavidBlue Yep, Lost was awesome. Now we have to wait 8 months for it &amp; I have to wait until October for SGU. 
Is sooo fulll. I'm starting to be excited for LA but i'm still not finished packing. 
@dannywood happy birthdayy! Wish I could come on the cruise with you 
@angryfeet Very. 
@benjihaworth Not even... oh... 
@cactusjac laptop, 2 netbooks, a psp and my derby bag. More angry at myself in a way. Not sure what was backed up. Lost my tatt idea pics 
Just met with a potential client for an interesting project, unfortunately had to sign a NDA 
@temposhark  Oh that's just down right brilliant right on! Aww I know about the hayfever. My eyes are puffy.. well you know.. lol but 
NO FAIR. I LOST MY SANDWICH  @hollyseddon: #twittermovies @vmdotcom Mentally ill millionaire gets cross, dresses like a bat.
was cut out from stormy_team's memberlist. I don't where to get Smile &amp; Quiz Show &amp; even my ARASHI fix.  Well, I'll rejoin once I'm al ...
I need to snap out of this funk. I think it's this dreary weather. 
on my way to the dentist....NO FUN! 
It's an awesome start to the day when you snag (&amp; tear a hole in) the sleeve of your leather jacket. 
@PLeahcar This is my first day back at work for 8 working days = not fun! Drs have added another 6-8 weeks till ankle recovery 
@twofivefour There was a 'Pirates!' pinball at the nearby putt-putt place, it was awesome! Then the place closed 
@xbllygbsn ooh  what is it though? lol want to add you to my add book, even if you dont use it fs! lol
Soo tied.  If today is any better than yesterday I'll be happy.
LOL WHY AM I STILL AWAKE. too excited/nervous for ducks. 
Is this really May weather in the north east? Cloudy, rainy and cold. Just wonderful  When am I returning to LA? Not soon enough!
Soo tired.  If today is any better than yesterday I'll be happy.
wishes she stayed at Edgar's place longer. Sounds like you guys had a lot of fun! 
I have a little mr. big man here who is 10 months old today. Wow. The time is going too fast....not fair 
Oh god here we go..court.dad.ALL my family getting together. Yeah HELL is about to break loose. Awesome. I can't wait   [tala]
@Ebzz yay, glad he's doing better... sorry you're not. 
i give amazing head, i just needed water cuase its 4am and my mouth waa a desert. im too upset to even jerk off 
@PaulaAbdul I'm so upset that Danny went home! Don't get me wrong, I love Kris, but I was so sure Danny and Adam would be in the finals. 
@donchad no fun yet. I still have to write my research paper, and tuesday starts a new class..public speaking 
@dirtyrottengoss haha well mel's wrkn all day 2moro so no  oh well hav fun ay lol n yeah rub it in lol
@savannahflower wow! i didn't even know that was possible  what speed were you driving when you got the tickets?
@recnamorcen -- well.. By doing something fun atleast once in 3 days!! and i swear i havent done that in 2 weeks!  hehehe...
I do not function well when I get woken up at 5am 
i really HATE funerals....but i gotta go anyway 
@SongoftheOss I did consider your idea, but travel insurance would not cover  shame it would have been a lot of fun.
@mxv26 wooohoooo!!!  No wonder we're like soulmates!  When the heck are we getting together again?  I miss you fun nights. 
Danny didn't make the final two, I am soooo upset. 
I recieved my very first Bzz Campaign last night. I am so very excited to start the bzz, but I have to wait until the end of June 
has bronchitis, even though I get to miss work, i would rather be well and work than have this cough 
@Delilahsays Depressing. Even more depressing is that I'm still not on it. 
Depressed... no one's going to publish my book 
to the west coasters...i'm sorry about telling you Danny left before you guys had a chance to watch...i got excited...anyways! sorry 
http://twitpic.com/55box - My colleague got one of those Google Markers from the event! #mymap Wish I was there 
I am jealous. Like really really REALLY painfully ugly jealous. Like wanna-punch-you-in-the-face-so-you're-not-prettier-than-me jealous. 
@iKrissi I'm sooooo jealous!!!! We've got grey skies, and I'm wearing a tee and hooded sweater 
@shortlisted: I wish. Im feeling so ill I don't even recon Ill be able to go at this rate  It's horrible...
@Josh_Shear ohhh! Sounds like fun. Too bad I'm in Hershey  Then again, I'll be home by tonight but w/out a babysitter. . .
@Cerriduri Wrath is fun   I'll have to let you guys check out my chars 
@Escape2TheStars I even gave you a shout out yesterday.  i suck apparently. lol
@honeypr missed your birthday so belated happy wishes x the flu has me in its grasp  x
@CarolynVan couldn't make #WiredWedto unfortunately  Are you going to #spinto tomorrow night?
@KimSherrell can't be at the casting in person, so here's some of my range  happy  sad :-| stern :-o shocked, when do I start? lol
@chichul I KNOW, RIGHT? Strange.  Come visit me. Have fun with Smachie this weekend.
@andrewbarnett: Trying! But photos still look like roadkill  This saturday, I promise - even if I can't take any better photos!
why dont mcfly do signings near hartlepool... its not fair 
Rubystein eventually worked on my system (openSUSE11.0, Ruby 1.8.6), but far too slow to play 
@charlii1 sweet im so excited  aww i missed u guys today 
@xCaseyMariex i was gonna go to the sunny coast one but that was cancelled to 
@biffgriff Crazy stuff!! I have 50 odd people to invite so i'll get crackin!! You must be so proud!! I love it! I can't go 2day though 
Going to bed now, rowing in the morning, not overly excited and SOSE exam 
Confession: I often get excited about jobs as I am applying for them. Then I never get called for an interview - quite disappointing. 
nearly twenty minutes late for my bio final. AWESOME !  : D.. 
now im rocking out to &quot;you belong with me&quot; by taylorswift13 it basicly describes my life except mine hasnt had a happy ending 
Sunny is soooo mean!!!  
@kissability Yeah, there's nothing on what.cd or waffles.fm.  I was really disappointed. The Beatles + Sesame Street = Awesome~!
now im rocking out to &quot;you belong with me&quot; by @taylorswift13 it basicly describes my life except mine hasnt had a happy ending 
hoping for a good day.. not staying in today no matter what!! had a good bike ride last night. was so tired couldnt even eat my lasagna! 
@sinnybun. Its not funny hez cryin on da way dere  lol
@nyramohamad ah wait.. i have a function last minute one  ish... mati i cant go to either outings
Mikey left for Calgary this morning. I'm sitting at work feeling depressed I'm not with him 
@twicullen  lmao hahaha no idea.. who they art im a @thefatboy 's fan i was gonna say lover but i couldn't  even tho they offered sausage!
@Cocoia unfortunately not stopping in Holland.  Will you be at Twiiste.be? You should be!
@RonDavies The situation in South Africa... a little more than unstable presently 
unfortunately, t.i.p goes to jail may 19 or may 20 
@TheYoungDiva  im nt happy to learn that u r not happy
@middleclassgirl oh dude  that sux fairly hard.
does not feel good...at all...ugghhh. this is no fun! 
is really upset, its ruined my excitment for slam dunk 
just dropped off Miley to the vet,getting fixed today. she was all happy too, had no idea what was going to happen. shes going to hate me 
@happytrees I've been feeling like shit lately.  It's doubtful I'll see you this weekend siince I'm not feeling any better. 
@emm_h ya nipple tweet - this time next week you'll be extremely jet lagged but in the company of your BFF - jealous much? YES!!! 
@porunsueno but then i would have to stop making fun of you to get my candle back up 
@jennypoynter OHHHHHHH (L) omggg, ahh. i love himmm and i love youu. awk, it makes me sad and happy. tourrr 
Bad lunch day at the office - feeling miserable (and hungry) now 
desperate about what happen to PS 
@porunsueno but then i would have to stop making fun of you to get my kharma back up 
@TonyaR is it ever sunny there you always seem to be in rain?   you play vball outside?
that fire drill made me angry... and hungry. 
Starting my day out with a wonderful cold... sucks, I can't believe I'm getting a cold 
I'm sworn to secrecy and I'm not happy about it 
@clintredwine Hmmm I think the NRE's might be related to my children. 
ugh. never felt this depressed ever since. i'm going to miss danny 
@CBCebulski That's quite an imaginative mind...I dreamt my house was being robbed, got pretty upset bah 
  feeling hopeless and useless.
@rellish3214 I am so jealous!! I only have 20 days of class left though! Also, good luck saturday I don't think ill make it 
Want to know, where to buy a Fantastic Plastic Machine - Album in Germany 
@SimoneElkeles Wishing I had money to hire a trainer....even a gym membership.  But it would have to be at school.  I'm never home. 
@lolliloo sorry you're having same prob receiving updates but glad it's not just me. was starting to feel left out    wane, wane, go away!
@sunnysides thankyou!sadly as I'm feeling the credit crunch somewhat it's going to have 2 b a '5 mr tops special  could all go wrong!
wondering why my nephew has so much energy at 6am... it's not fair 
@Imaginations im so jealouse. i wanna get paid out lots. haha  
@juliecj Not fair  Guessing that's the road down to Costa Teguise?
definitely didn't want to leave my comfy bed with my even more comfy bf 
Although it's funny the MPs have made a complete fool of themselves what worries me is the rise of smaller parties aka the BNP... Oh dear 
what is it with portable coffee mugs... they always get crud stuck in the lid... I don't enjoy spitting my coffee out my car window... 
@AnotherJulia Morn\aft. Just to let u know I am hear even tho u can't see me, and I can't see u. Don't like this new twitter one bit!!  
Not really enjoying my 5 day weekend that started 2day 
FINALLY beat the Marona DLC for the Prinny PSP but now I've got to beat Lil' Asagi and from what I've seen of it online, its even harder 
god its not fun in here today 
WHAT!? LOST! How can you do that ending. That just isn't fair. 
You WHo Will Emerge From The Flood :: This looks amazing - can't get tickets though  :: http://tinyurl.com/qphu95
@VodafoneUK no fair, you don't follow me  can't dm you
@FuriousPurpose thanks for headsup on spam attack! Enjoy show today, would like to hear about it. Sorry can't make this evening 
ahh the joys of html in different browsers! looks like we have one page holding up our next step of testing! taken 2 hours already 
Gearing up for two days of company togetherness. Could be fun--though I will miss my desk. 
So unbelievably tired of not sunny days 
wow i can't even write, last FINAL...that is not a good sign for this essay based exam... 
is having a Haterday, sorry TomTom 
Excited to see the family..just wish it wasnt two weeks...im going to miss derek and jenny like crazy  gah the 30th cant come soon enough
wonderfull weather...and Im working  Atleast Im working outside!
On my way home. I seriously need to buy some cake when I get to Hurup. GOING TO SEE BRITNEY SPEARS IN JULY. Excited. Still no tour dvd 
How do I go from feeling amused and happy to lonely &amp; disgusted with myself? Pls tell me.... 
Where are all the NICE, SINGLE guys my age (or 30+ according to the stats)? Do they even exist? 
I can't find GG episode seventeen of season one 
@maxlagos just waking up, cant sleep. its not even 6am yet  Im making coffee... I couldnt go with no coffee for 2 days in a row!
@NKOTB not Fair i wantted to go! Awwee next time 
@lorenita327 oh shutty ure making me jealous.. its pouring here!!!!  take a train to dannys party later!!!
hi all! it's a gloomy day here in pa   how is the weather where you are?
@eCelebrating ick is right hubby in the doghouse today 
1046: Type was not found or was not a compile-time constant: FacebookEvent - please help me  , I am stuck with this error.
Celebrating a trip to my doctor where I lost 7 pounds! only 70 to go!    In other news played Rock band all last night...I STINK at it!
Internet at the office is still very unstable. So, these are days of poor tweeting/plurk on my part. 
@darcydotcom i like ur bg! i salute ur swedish pride!! HA! now im off for a swedish run!!!!oh and get ready for x-country training... joy 
@greekpeace running out the door...looovveee loovvee loovvee you!  Have such fun!   Kiss DEW for me 
@eropp157 I went out ysterday it was kinda cloudy though  but it looks to be better out today. I hope you will enjoy any Star Wars updates
right hand can't be used for at least 2 weeks, I'm even more disabled than normal 
Upset that Danny went home....blah  
Computing revision? Kill me  kill me now. on a happy note, im getting moneys for DVDs 
@ChickenArise - glad to hear about the insurance payout, sorry to hear about the accident  If you catch the fuckers milk them dry.
@OfficialAS ROFL...I thought of smexxx instead of a party XP  but yeah. That is......  NOT HAPPY JAN!
@mclewis  TTL4 gave our IT team a major headache.  It took months for assistance to come from company. we can't even have it networked. 
@colettebennett What that's crazy!? I paid the full 42 for mine.  But it is AWESOME.
@BellaMama im great, im upset  i forgot to watch the weather  walked without an umbrella 
@Kaysis_bcn no it wasn't maintenance. We kept loosing our API's on tweetdeck even though tweets wouldn't show up 
@BONESgirl28 I cried myself to sleep last night...  i'm so depressed right now LOL. time to write hot and dirty fanfiction...
Trying to learn this twitter shit and getting frustrated 
@cockbongo  awesome! I used to do that but now I have so many equations I cant think of enough 
revision  yesterday was amazing!!
@jentutor No clapping here. Most definitely NOT happy in my nose. Pollen. 
@IsThatDee I'm chilln in the office bout to get some grub myself even tho my tummy hurt  lol
I know there has been a bit of delay between episodes, unfortunately the real world crept in  2 episodes being edited &amp; upload next week
Chav adults on the train... I wanted a peaceful (and non smelly) journey 
@jtothe9 :~O sooooo jealous, I was supposed to be going tonight, but when I tried to swipe something last night, my card was declined. 
I wish I could get excited about American Idol, but I just cant..... 
Everything I'm reading about the new Novatell mobile 3G platform sounds fantastic. Unfortunatley, Verizon got their hands on it 
Feels like I'm one of the luckiest girls in this awesome world!! I went to every @DavidArchie event!! Except Magic  he is so nice!
Still upset ablout the turnout of the Caps game last night  Nonetheless, great season Washington!
sometimes...I think I am wasting my life being responsible and trying to be the 'mature and calm' one... why can't I be a bitch too??? 
absolutely DISGUSTED by the moron neighbors pouring cancer-causing chemicals all over the lawn. 
@mrsbeccijo I NEED a sunny weekend. This will be the third weekend in a row that've been rained out of an event 
@rhettroberts monday. but i have a test tues so im not even goin anywhere 
*argh* I still want Apple-Time!!  *angrygirl*....euh....*angry apple*....
had 2 cancel gym &amp; lunchdate as bp rocketing. c-ing doc 2nite, think it's my ear condition flaring up not happy girlie. off home 2 rest 
It is raining this morning so no bikeing to work today.  hopefully it will clear a bit this evening.
@dharmabob I regret I cannot be kidnapped tonight. I am going to be unconscious at the first possible chance this evening. 
@dorkabella http://twitpic.com/5458e - I wish I had cool friends that draw me pictures that were awesome 
morning tweeters! its kind of gloomy looking today  hope the sun comes out
is attracting lesbian vampires and is not too happy about it. 
another tiring but FUN day in ANI! | Danny shouldn't have gone; he's such a great singer  | yay! everything worked out well. tnx Lord 
Work  Unfair. Now that I have had the whole day off, then work comes and ruins the day. How dare it ?!
Its so gloomy in NYC 
@mosessaur lool. when i was a software developers,my activity levels were stable at very high. now as a biz consultant, i dont surf a lot 
@jorddann it's also bad for the mitary. They go weeks without homes and sometimes even die or get LIC. 
Just woke up am sicker than I as yesterday...fun fun fun I. Drowning in phlem here 
@tommcfly ..  nope,, the joys of being stuck at work in an office.. bad times
@funkycarla8 I miss mitchel's hair.  LOL! Yeah I did, just got up in time. aha. I know, but basically everyone knows who they are anyways
not happy for tomorrow. 
really not happy, ich hasse Deutsch  just want to give up now dont even care if i end up working in farm foods forever aslong as im happy
this weather is making me seriously miserable... I feel like I'm coming down with something too waaaa 
@polka_ Lucky you!!! I must say lucky you... M so jealous. 
@MissRayMarshall lol enjoy! I have to fly to atl at 6 in the freakin am friday! to head off to Korea... I hate super early flights 
isn't happy that it's cloudy and dark today 
hanging out with my &quot;pamangkins&quot;...still desperate to wtch the davids 
@martinpribble I remember stumbling on an awesome knot site but can't find it now  if anyone else knows one let us both know! #climb
im excited for this afternoon, could the morning drag on any more ? its taking foreverrrrr 
oh,the pain!  I was the biggest Gokey fan ever!  Well, he still has my vote (and my heart).  Such a fantastic example to men everywhere!  
@me_chiel Oh yes! I did! But I havent even had the time to look at them yet  But thank you! ;D;D;D
I'm trying very hard but finding it very difficult not to get jealous of all the cruise goers.... Not happy.. I want to go now.. 
I miss England, Northern Ireland, Ireland, Austria, and yes, even Slovakia! I wanna go back 
O hashbrown....my love!!!! ;) oh, happy day! But I'd rather stay at the IDignity event helping the homeless then go to the office! 
@enjoyingjoy As always, you're so very welcome. Nothing new for awhile, sadly.  Company comes!  #bringbacklife @USA_Network
Being the tech guru is no fun when all of our stuff keeps breaking. 
my BFF is SOOOOOO MAD RAD AWESOME!! &lt;3  and fyi...i somehow got a bruise on my finger!! 
great even more shit flying my way with work 
Taco Bell is supposed to open at ten o'clock! It's seven after! I'm hungry! 
@adrianelohr I was so annoyed when I found out it was THE most popular name 2008.. Now I have to start from scratch 
@sunnydeefan3 ....... Well I was talking to myself for like 25 minutes :shrugs:  ...... 
It's DOUBLE.....no,TRIPLE gloomy today...I HAVE NO MORNING COFFEEEEEEEE!!!  NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!  
@dannywood Happy Bday! Have a great day! Your mom is watching over you! Damn Cancer! I have lost great friends myself! 
I always feel so guilty whenever I miss school, even if I'm sick. 
@iAMBRii The Days When U Get Home From School , Turn On The TV And Cartoons Will B On All Day . Cartoons Dont Even B On Like That Anymore 
frustrated~tired I wish I was still in Hillsborough I miss Lucky &amp; my friends too.  I would be very thankful. If my dream came true. :'(
is annoyed that he's oncall this weekend 
@pim2005 Inspiration is still strangely absent. And it's raining. Today is not turning out to be brilliant 
@KinitaA ... I know it was 5am &amp; I was being bullied :/  ... Told ya @sunnydeefan3 was mean 
@DexterShark but young liars is brilliant 
@Mando_Diao what a coincidence... my fav radiostation is playin dance w/ someboday right now...njoy spring, in swiss its rainin...again 
There's waaaaay too many adverts on Spotify today..  it's very upsetting.
@jim_herd Hmmm... amputation isn't an option... snds dubious to me  As long as they are working. Have to say I am glad I don't hv probs.
@moonhare We think its grass or something.Ankles legs tummy, bald, rashy &amp; stinky a lot! Antifungal stuff keeps it at bay but never goes! 
Not happy with Danny Gokey gone 
Still sick and unhappy about it. I must run 2 hours tomorrow. I'm worried. 
@Shayminn May 23rd is my birthday &amp; I'd love to be in Derry...but I'll be here working...  enjoy the trip!!
@MichaelDittus @JustinWalden on of my friends in HS worked there and everyone was awesome. I'm sure her and the good ppl moved though 
@NaomiNay Oh my God, poor frog  Amazing that they managed to save it though!
@great_yung_c that's not fair!!! every1 calls me a freak but i don't DO anything!!! 
@Olibot OMFG! That's amazing!! How did you get it? I want one. 
The problem seems to be in the power supply, so my precious files are safe. Just not accessible at the moment.  @autojoy
Morning everyone, computer issues, rebuilding laptop, fun day 
Court is Not Fun.... N count down to lock down begins!!! 
Scanner still nog working... *angry* Maybe I should buy a new one.. Even though I don't want to.. 
@LOLcatz11130 thanks for the congrats! you have so few days left a italia...molto triste?  i feel your pain..even still. SOAK IT UP!!
@jjuliano Also, I'm sure to your disappointment, no Statham in the LOST Finale   Wouldn't it be awesome if he was Jacob?
is jealous kim gets to see aerosmith! 
@sunnydeefan3 ... I was the one driving in the rain 
@pixelatedmemory I know! I'm so jealous and it's most likely free coz his friend's dad has connections! 
@kashiichan It just really bugs me because that's not how I am! Or rather, used to be lately. :/ But I was more miserable while medicated 
@Lynne90 aw you should!  I'm so annoyed though, Tyra is always so biased &amp; I've hated all the winners apart from cycles 3, 5, 6 and 7 
Finally something interesting happening in NJ and I won't even be here for almost the entire weekend. 
@suburbangranola Poor little thing! My youngest did that just a few months ago - not fun. 
Having a wonderful time in Israel, but I'm starting to miss the USA. Sister graduates this weekend and I'll miss it 
Wind Advisory here today - and they weren't kidding! Not fun when you live in the middle of a gravel pit 
@xBitterblossomx happy birthday!!  Sorry I wasn't there last night 
I thought of something really funny to twitter while I was in the shower, but now I forget 
@Loopyluigi hi @Tinker_xxxx upset her other halfs nan died today 
@delaneymeade fuck you im jealous 
@tsarnick don't make fun of me 
@CharlieShrem  oh it is fair alright...I went to wk, but then came hm, my son is sick and my niece got  diagnosed w swine flu yesterday 
ok, no more fun i hav to work 
@nzebula oh i hope you're feeling better too. It's no fun being sick 
@Waltmouse MSN sometime? I'm way too angry to go back to sleep.  
Partly jealously lol, as I have two economics exams and a history exam at the time of E3 and couldn't enter  Doubt I would win anyway lol.
@JoshFinnie see, you missed something funny i said. this breaks my heart. #fixreplies 
Ugh, I feel sick  Oh well, as long as I don't pas out again I'm happy.
Working. Excited for STL on Sunday. Need to start packing. Definitely ready for colo next week...I miss peanut and zeke 
Getting nowhere when people keep calling/mailing/visiting my desk with even more work stuff! 
@ShortPump More people, more crime unfortunately  
@logandawg Yupyup I'm a biiiiiiiiiiiiiig #caps fan. My Mom is a bigger Caps fan. She keeps making unhappy faces today. 
@edadoun Enjoy! At least you have the option to view those games.. 
@toastastic we had 2 take him 2 the vets again 2day, he hasn't had a No2 since the anesthetic!! lets just say he didn't enjoy his visit! 
@heatherfranklin Too bad I work in a tomb, I can't enjoy it 
@nesquicus i kinda wish he could have had the same in uk  but i do think it went even better that i tought it would be...
is kinda glad her alarm went off when it did - no way was I finishing that sad dream!  Rainy outside...I hope it stops soon.
I need to get donations for the rugby club before the golf tournament fundraiser this Saturday. I hate this part. 
wonder how long I'll be depressed because LOST isn't on till 2010 
@Arcania thats no fun 
@shanrotica Im really jealous!...no seriously, I am. 
@functionalab i'm not in NYC, sorry 
Is disgusted by the fact some artist in china, tattoos live pigs.... then kills them and sells the skin. thats actually sickened me lots! 
At work... annoyed and moody but that's cause I'm tired as hell and feel like I'm gonna throw up. 
@pratt ..... not happy  i wish I could go
@YoBemis one of our loong time &quot;Homes of R&amp;R&quot; turned into a country channel! We have one Craprock channel. 96Rock. Not even worth it. 
Off to work on tills for 6 1/2 hours. Evening gone.  But oh well. Quite warm day 
Okay. Am upset that my party is not going to turn out this is some bullish 
Just spent a shitload on a bus ticket.. I fucking HATE buses. I dont even know where im going. 
a little disgusted...was it wrong to use Jon &amp; Kate Gosselin as my only real hope in marriage? Apparently they're both cheating....NICE! 
@iamannabell Haha, no not anything microsoft related, that's even worse.  Why keep changing your user name? It's breaking things. 
I'm feeling so depressed, I don't know what to do 
@dagmaroon @ellice_x it's totally awesome!! made me miss last november so much  xx
P.E exam was such a stupid exam and im really annoyed 
@rachelstarlive I would love to. Unfortunately I need this gig so I can continue to live. 
At work with my amazing new shoes on.  Bought insoles...but they need to be cut to size.  I have no scissors 
not happy about the ANTM results 
@NKOTB Have fun on your cruise! Wish I could go!! I tried, but it sold out so fast I couldn't  ily!! xoxoxoxoxo
@karuski  just contact them still that you are not satisfied
@kristycavalari NO fair I want to twitpic toooooo 
@cassave Stop makin me feel bad bout it  it's fun... Kinda... Haha
http://is.gd/zPa2 - Deceptive and unfortunate marketing: sadly, the BeBook eReader does not run BeOS 
@beckers_ doing criminology at leicester uni. For the most part i enjoy it, but they have worked sociology into my degree which i hate 
@MrsSalinas have fun! I'll be finishing mine too  boo!!!
1/4 natural curly hair?? -- blame my mum. don't even like it. 
I should b happy by my 3 days trip to Disneyland this weekend but my father's biopsy result is monday so my mind is not free  Hugs &amp; love
At the 2010 lexus HS250h press event.  Again, can't tell you anything...until May 26th..   #fb
@jamielovely god bless you! I want to hang out with people without having to spend $200+ I just can't justify it  You are awesome!
I'm really not feeling well. Upset tummy but not the LBM kind.  please be ok, tummy. I have to shower already.
@omegahack no it isn't! I sent you a sammich yesterday and enchiladas earlier this week!  you left-over hater! 
@Absinthe_Review Good morning, did you have a bad experience with us? I am so sorry if we said something that offended you. 
saw ex with slaggy gf. felt really jealous she was wearing the  marval jumper. that i was wearing like 4 days ago 
@jmo111279 haha, I'm impressed you made it two whole hours!  I can't even make it out of the house.  Everything white I own is stained 
@nicksantino have an awesome show tonight!! So sad I can't make it!  being sick sucks.
@paigeiam Happy Birthday - have fun tonight! Sorry so many ppl close to you are out of town 
pretty upset that i'm not on the NKOTB cruise!!! 
Just had to sign with mr dunlap on all of the refunded senior ads. Fail.  
Very excited that greys is on tonight. Not so happy that its it for the season 
Kitchen is filled with carbo-licious treats and I can't enjoy any of it 
@adammurlewski I guess, but still, a hint...it's unfair beyond belief  - I bet - nothing changes. It was meant to happen.
hrm may need to rethink using google docs to host the images for my blog.  All of my content won't load 
@Awapy I miss you too!  This place is definitely less fun without you.  And I don't even get to run into you at the gym anymore 
Omg  i didn't even update tday. I stayed home to watch EU  going sentosa tmr &lt;3
@MadameAllen Ohh yeah I've seen all of your pics on Facebook! looks like you had well loads of fun! Jealous  x
I don't know what to do tomorrow.  People will get angry at me either way.
@frickxx @joshuwaa everyone is feeling poopy today!  i'm in such a happy mood haha
happy birthday @smylechristina love you best! sorry i can't be at dinner tonight 
@Gem_92 your exams are all over?!? NO FAIR! Mine don't finish till June  the week AFTER WTK, Cobra and NFG are all in the UK...so shit!
I really need to finish my blog redesign! Unfortunately I won't be able to do it for at least a week. 
Back from California and not happy about it..  come home to cold weather.. summer where are you??
Just finished the bass track and I must say that I'm very unhappy with how unlively it sounds  I hope it'll get better after the guitars.
writing my writing requirement  at least I'm in sunny SB!
depressed. have to tidy my room  gonna take ages x
@stepheneyre ahaha fair enough. I have no more #crumpets in my house.  Gonna have to go to tescos and get some more.
@digitaltoast i can't even open the appsstatus page 
there are so many red carpet events in DC this week....I hope it doesn't rain for tonite 
Does anybody have any idea what time joyce'll be here? Can't text her because my phone is stupid 
@s0m3f00l these internets work differently 4 me here. it has something to do w/CA software here. something fundamental just changed  2day 
thinks its gonna be a long ass weekend and it hasn't even started yet. 
@joyroett why do you guys get them all!!  No one is left for me!  *sob*
While I'm indeed happy for everyone beginning summer, for me, sadly summer only = more business at work.  Still, I want to go swimming!
@KristinaAwesome You're right. Is a huge BLAH! day. 
@AJ_DC I can't tonight   I really really need to stay in and do this self assessment, even if it kills me...
@tannieo I need to sing tomorrow, so I just threw shoes at the wall in my room. Unfortunately I was only wearing two 
@DonnieWahlberg You know what? I am the chick on your shirt, they took my sillouette. Have fun on the cruise. I am sorry I am missing it! 
listening to basketball match on the radio.  Not funny at all
Kaleltroper to get into mcintec irc even u got baned u need virtual machine i think he wont ban you /me is *sad* i cant talk in mcintec 
@theBrandiCyrus prison break is AMAZINGGGGGG, i dont watch it anymore though 
Finally  home after a long day that started at 04:15. Very sad to be going to a funeral tomorrow. The cancer had taken too many from us 
is so fucking disappointed.really,is it 2 much to ask,when 'long time no see',that own boyfriend would pay even a little attention to ME 
It's amazing how companies take your money (card etc.) in  a second but it takes them days to weeks to refund you.  
PT isn't nearly as fun an acronym as TNAB 
@ViCTORiAONLiNE maybe &quot;so amazing&quot; would cheer me up...but i can't get on myspace from work 
@caitlingray and have come to the conclusion that people are either really stupid or really rude. It's slightly upsetting 
I need to get away from here for awhile. Even if it's just for a weekend. 
@RYNO66 awesome. I'll let you know after I watch it. Oh, they didn't have any buttons last night. 
nooo, just measured my temperature, I do have a fever  gah this sucks, i cant get sick NOW! :/
@dougiemcfly Omg! i wish i came  You Must do a signing in leicester or somewhere near Please! Awesome starbucks! XD
Is Too Tired To Function 
@richotoole i didnt even get to say HI to you the other day 
@himynameisKels I'm jealous that you guys have Coffee Bean  and Seattle is supposed to be coffee capital if the world!
My going-away party doesn't even fit into my own schedule 
Made epic trek to the halal Subway. Sweet onion chicken teryaki on Italian herbs &amp; cheese bread. Upset that I ate it all - none left 
@DavidArchie I want a meet and greet with you..  You're greater than ever!! INDESCRIBABLE! AMAZING!  Hope to meet you.. ((
@plisnoh LOL, uhm i havent quite gotten into 'twittering' mode, im still fairly new. :S and it wont let me upload a pic. 
Just watched the Office season finale...it wasn't that funny 
A good day turned into tears and funeral planning. Rip timmy 
@dookie1293 I don't even have 10.4.11 i have 10.3.9... 
feeling weird....kinda sad...but not depressed...just kinda empty and conflicted I guess  hmmm
How would a 15 going on 16 High School Student earn money to buy herself an iMac and a Mac Book?  I desperately need help.
@theheatmakerz awe! That's before I get there! I miss home!  lol hope you're having fun!!!
so excited for 2 more seasons of #Bones! But since @EricMillegan is doing a pilot - not promising for his regular return 
that az  sleep or wha?  i aint even gih u none.... 
Marooned in Montreal. I was aiming for Quebec and my plane even landed there but I wasn't allowed off 
I want to know y ra is not having fun 
@semipenguin I wanted a rainy cloudy day but it went sunny 
feeln worst dan i did earlier  &amp; missn my big head. tryn 2 fine sum calmn musiq 2 listen 2
Walking uphill in San Fran after a nice dinner in a French cafe is so not fun 
hey Nate, let's be emo and depressed together 
@gaillamarche I missed your harborside event info 
is calmly + rationally PEEVED about the car that ran into the back of mine this afternoon. Oh the HASSLE of having to get it fixed 
@ddlovato awesome demi!too bad i can't see what it looks like 
v annoyed. both movies I chose for tonight (Matrix or STNG First Contact) are only VHS and machine is not hooked up anymore  now what?
I'm sad I'm so sad!  yet happy....
@LilRaya U AINT EVEN FOLLOW ME 
@LMAshton It bugs me more than I can say. It sticks in my mind and even if it stopped tomorrow, it's somewhere else. 
and why is leaning so amazing but painful 
I'm hopeless, my mind is so corrupted 
I want summer to be fun 
I have never been this upset over a 85.7 
@royalspostgame tell me about it. was too deflated to even call in.  
i am in absolute DESPERATE need of someone to cuddle with. please???? i'm lonely 
Koons party having funnn feel weird 
@RoshiKK yerr i suppose your right. im jealous miley is in the bahamas 
@clubjuggler And thanks for hosting! That was lots of fun. Sorry about your ZFS partition, though. 
@anthonyonfire uhohh. someone's not happy.  !
@mileycyrus i am so jealous of your body! 
@JohnInGZ The bride was v calm &amp; radiant! It was a beautiful wedding. My aches &amp; pains are the usual occupational hazards. 
Shocked to discover Arcana Nuevo is no more.  http://twitpic.com/5c5py -- Glad I took lots of pics last year. http://tr.im/arcana
@DominicCArcenas Awww im sorry to hear that.  its never fun to go through a break up  i might have to too soon 
damn samsung! all the buttons just stopped working! can't even turn it off!!! 
Had a gr8 day! Thunder on the trace, Fridays, Chuck E Cheez (lost 1 of my prizes already though  and watched Wolverine! Happy Anniv 2 ME!
is a tad bit upset shes missing her hubbys soccer game 
I just don't think Dane Cook is funny. 
fun day with mommy. bed then out for breakfast with sarah and niki, but sadly no julie 
@missjmar twas funn! wish youu came out 
missing my 20's body and party day's....even though very few   
i know you're both happy but i couldn't let you go at all 
didnt get to make a video today  .maybe next time. Knights game was fun. we won on the last inning when we were losing the whole game! :O
@alma2awesome yes sweetie its a sad day 
@stephtripp I was excited for a second, then realized that it was a lame Saturday night. 
Celebrating taryns bday with the girls in boston! Delicious drinks &amp; dessert...I really do not need to be spending money 
@tamesha2009 your welcome! Omg that happened to me last night  and im still upset and sad about it too rawrr.
is so not happy coz its raining and cold 
i wanna re-live May16..  AWESOME. I love Cook after seeing him performing, I never really liked him but Archie is still my #1! SOO AWESOME
@bordash ahhh i'm so jealous! i miss you all so much 
@twinnytwo jealous about you going to marbella, i want to comeee  xx
Hey guys sorry I've been so distant lately  I've been obsessing over this gym/loosing weight thing  I don't think I'll ever b satisfied
is not happy coz its cold and wet 
I hate being sick  I don't even know how to analyse the damn Caretaker because I feel like death
depressed beyond all get out 
yeyyy! after a search, so glad to know twitter's my safe haven from unscrupulous personalities (for now anyway, until get followed again) 
I should have gone out.  I'm not even doing my essay 
@Kalediscope.  I will be praying..we have an Awesome God she will be fine 
Cant play V-ball/S-ball 4 @ least a few wks bcuz of a torn gastronemius/calf muscle. Can't even walk! So upset that I am down a few wks 
Erik F. Is an awesome listener&lt;3 But I'm so confused  AHHHH!
@AlexAllTimeLow awww  i'm glad you're okay! alex = trooper.
@HelenGoytizolo I LOVE IT! WTF, you are so lucky you are good at pottery   It looks so good. I dont even know what to put on mine. 
shopping was fun with @mik_xoxo  haha!!!!!! we forgot the PHOTOBOOTH!!!! 
@Lady_Jenny and ernie singing was incredible the concert is over now 
im scared, i have a red thing on my industrial &amp; idk what is is  im hoping its just irritated from getting my hair done. 
@davidrklein I absolutely LOVED the book, but was pretty disappointed at all the great stuff they left out and even completely changed! 
Is so sexually frustrated itsalmost unbearable. It hasn't even been that long.  Omgah
@GennaGirl Congrats Genna Tony earned it and I am happy for you and him. So sweet! Still sad 4 Matt 
twaikus on twitter / posting in five - seven - five / not a new idea 
in search of a song i heard the other night on 105.5 the beat. this is hopeless.... 
alyssa's grad party was real funn, on my way home to an empty house 
@HappynicoleJN oh man that sucks. i remember when i moved. i hated it 
@Sterkworks Oh no, not sad at all.  We all enjoy different programming. Keeps the electric co. in biz! Neither are into scifi 
&quot;Wonderful night&quot; but by myself...  missing my twitches @ameshaye @blazianasian &amp; @missnisey
@natalierooney: ive got manflu yet again  its not fair
@GingerCM Unfortunately we don't have a Whole Foods near where I live  I do all my shopping in Sx Falls, SD @ Hy-Vee or specialty stores
Just had dinner with a few girlfriends..it was fun, but I ate too much  Now I've gotta relax...work at 7AM! Yuck...
NO DOUBT IS AMAZING BUT I WANT TO GO SEE PARAMORE!!!!! 
@fancyfembot i haven't even seen it once, yet.............. 
If I see one more of these tonight I'm going to ... I don't even know   http://twitpic.com/5c8qd
Napping all day I've been sick with a high fever  no fun!!!
Watchin tv w Dad- last night home  but very excited for the bean tomorrow!
Mad that my brother gets to skip school tomorrow and go to Six Flags with church. Not fair! 
Moving is no fun...i threw away a lot of the stuff i own today! And still got lots more to do 
Wow over 24 hours since @donniewahlberg tweeted  guess having too much fun
@Molemurda86 Yes I am sooo excited. This week won't go by fast enough.. I miss my Partner in Crime 
Just finished worship practice.  Got a big tribal meeting tomorrow, not happy about that 
is nursin a horrible migraine...like i just downed 2 pills and its not goin...being in the middle is no longer fun...wait it never was... 
@massdistraction I know... I was outside all day and got a bit over chilled, so I'm inside for the evening. No Skoal Kodiak for me. 
@NikkiPike on TV??  Ahhh you're so lucky. I don't think they'll ever play it on tv here.   Is it even more beautiful all big &amp; clear?
@joshawesome: I would but about to sleep 
@FunkeyFlashBack yeaaah  its not lookin 2 good 4 me lol.. Not a superstar like u to get footaction deals
Hanging out with liz george and amy.  i love having friends back in town. Even though george is leaving again tomorrow. 
@mellymooxox lol no unfortunately I don't I couldn't even find it 
@Gingertomtomz Haha Yahh LV was funnn, mother's day night tho I had to stay in the room and be the baby sitter 
Also a day I don't want to end because I'm not at all thrilled about working tomorrow. 
@jabop I'd LOVE to go ride but i just got off work and have finals up the butt  enjoy the weather for me!
@ptfoxx lol! unfortunately im already at work 
watching jaws revenge. boring a.f! eating ramen and drinking sprite . . should b partying . . *grounded* 
At sequoia waiting for my friends to get here  glad I'm an independent woman!!
Six Flags was so much fun yesterday, despite the warm weather. Omg @ Silvera losing her keys there 
@bobfury I'm having fun tho 
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE FAKE ON U @ THIE LAST MIN OR MAKE U NOT EVEN WANT 2 GO OUT WIT THEM  SUCK CITY ALL DRESSED UP AN NO 1 2 GO OUT WIT
Has a hole in my fairly new socks. Feeling my toe poking thru it 
@steffaneelove aww that's too bad  but YAY! really?! that's awesome maybe you can find her and reconnect D
Unfortunately we are seeing Star Trek after all  However we did grab some Flying Pizza and are on our way home to enjoy it!
@benzzz07 i had a fun size bag of popcorn last night  and still no Chili's...
Seem to have hit a follow limit in Twitter, even though I'm not at 2000 people. Might have to unfollow some people 
Tonight was amazing. I wish bernard picnics were every weekend. Too bad I couldn't do nothing though 
I'm havin fun, but I have no rum! 
@nickshepard wow that is very funny but i laughed and looked around to notice that i cannot enjoy that joke with anyone here 
relaxing while watching F/X 2 on MGM HD...unfortunately, forecast of rain likely means no trip to the NC Zoo tomorrow 
Danielle is making fun of me because of zebras! LOL 
In Tenille house JEALOUS AS SHIT... her bedroom is bigger then mine!!! 
@lu_baase: unfortunately, my friends aren't the clubbing type 
@callmerizza good evening lil sis! &lt;3 i'm well, thanks. just catching up on some assignments but i'm now bored  so its twitter!!
home, bored and annoyed (yes im a bitter bitch and what) bad mood 
Knew this day would come eventually but wasn't expecting that news today.  I'll come to terms though
Just really, really angry. I want to trade families. 
teens arent naked, but i smelled weed on the way down there.  everyone is having fun but me 
@BrbiK I happy the princess is ok! I sure you had a stressful night 
UGH! So jealous of my boys and their vodka fruit!  Happy Pride! I miss you guys!
@terrencej106 agree's life is good ENJOY!!  entertain us tonight Terrencej, st. louis is mad boring this evening 
is sneezing like crazy.  Doc gave me a medrol pack to calm the allergies down and I'm still waiting for it to kick in. 
@xcomp Kenya?! What the hell is in Kenya?! PS, what the fuck happened to TX?  Angry!
@drewseeley too bad your not performing with them.  glad you had fun!
i'm missing those care-free dayss.. sleeping.. goin to the gym.. my usual routine.. then all of a sudden-i just got 2 weeks to enjoy that 
@getsomelikewhoa hahaha, damn! i cant make it out, I lost my spending cash for tonight, i don't even have the five bucks to get in  balls
@ilsepla I love all her songs actually.. wish I could see her this summer.. she isnt even coming close 
@spencerpratt you're neglecting your irish fans! we rang you tonight while we wer out in a club, but no funny spencer, 
@grossdale have fun in fl. I'll be there the day you leave 
@MrsConnecticut not even me 
@gregreynolds Hendu didn't win a World Series with the Giants.  The Giants haven't won a World Series since 1954... unfortunately. 
Effffff. Sore from the arcade vut it was fun. Almost back to Mike's. Had to pick up cough drops and advil for my fever  feelin' betr tho!
@colinkelly noooooooo colin we can't listen at work so annoyed 
http://twitpic.com/5cbm3 - The Disney adventure is over!  ...but im excited to come back in Aug!!
I am not having a very fun night 
Heading to Alabama tomorrow morning for my grandfather's funeral. 
been doing hw for like an hour and not even half way through it yet 
@AmandaSueki Oh, aw!  I'll have to try some... maybe. I don't think I've ever even had an egg roll.
Hangin with Carole and my sister so fun!!!! Miss my friends though 
listening to fashion is danger by flight of the conchords GREAT song even GREATER tv show... i hope they do more series 
work, work, work= no fun 
@PushPlayDEREK awww don't move  I miss you guys already! Friday was amazing &lt;33
@kattyakattya sad day  dallas is no fun
@vpsean I enjoyed it... up until he died...and then I cried like crazy 
@ccccarissa LUCKY! I want to be having fun with you in Seattle right now  Come visit me at Gandhi's sometime with your posse
i just ate ice cream! i'm hatin the summer heat coz i'm stuck here at home when i should be out on the beach enjoying the sun 
I needs to tell captain things of awesome and stuffs... 
@DrewKilkenny By sick you mean totally amazing. And yeah, I know. Chris said it was sort of gross so I didn't end up going. 
lost her phone again...... for the i dont know how may times now..... and she wasnt even drunk 
@shaggieshapiro Anyway, I was just trying to make you happy. 
Emma+Zach=awesome.  Early Sunday, no sleeping in for Bethany 
Awesome, an old lady drove into our new car while it was parked - only 500 miles on it and a smashed fender 
its a hot sunny day, and i'm on my way to west-north jakarta. yes, the hottest part of jakarta. imagine that people! 
IBS is a curse i want no parts of...this is so unfair 
@ankur_sethi Oh yeah ... lots and lots of fun!! 
*just wants to give hugs to all the amazing rwoc who are hurting tonight* 
i feel like i miss something.  what do i miss?  i don't even know 
of course now that i am finally home i feel like crap. haven't even gotten to really see john yet 
@MyCheMicALmuse  
done nothing all day but hang with my wonderful bf... but now im alone and miissing him 
@brianstreetteam it wasn't that funny 
@dayumitsbeth Sometimes water tastes funny. Why is this? 
Super cold, and tired and i miss steven 
@JonathanRKnight Wishing I was on that ship.  Hope you're have much fun - miss you! &lt;3
eventful day! so proud of heidi! bored at home though 
and all I have is Axa0Lbs  to go, never so depressed in my life. So sad 
@JonathanRKnight Wishing I was on that ship.  Hope you're having much fun - miss you! &lt;3
i'm twittering almost half naked... too excited to watch Angels &amp; Demons.  wished he was here right now. 
Craaap, why didn't someone remind me tonight was the last new ep of #snl for the season  Guess I'll catch the rerun eventually.
someting wrong with my dvd/vcr recorder most unhappy. was planning on sitting on new lounge watching bond's quantum of solace. 
@russellsauve unfortunately, no Diamond Dawgs win today  ring it anyways!
@lagoona2099 not funny when you're like me and have a tendency to misplace things. i almost cried 
Sleep! Working brunch tomorrow, then celebrating Ryan's 21st! And saying goodbye to Nick 
Cat 1 needs to have dental work done again and may have to have more tooth pulled  Cat 2 not happy this means more toothbrushing for him.
Hey its about midnight. I'm very upset...danny gokey was voted off idol.  I cried! He's still an american idol in my heart. love you danny
@PushPlayCJ have fun on the west coast. we'll miss you in the east  come back soon! love you! &lt;3
@Brad92190 Your Bubble Tweet video message  is awesome! I don't have a videocam to record it! 
Ladies night with some awesome ladies...minus my sasha 
People are making fun of my laugh  ohbewell i love them.
@FINALLEVEL I love you &amp; Coco, I think you're awesome! Why do people feel the need to hate you two? Makes me sad...   
Prison break was so awesome! Man, there's not going to be anymore episodes of it anymore  wentworth miller (my love) need to make a show!
Boyfriend was all sad and gloomy last night.all his soccer friends blamed him for their lost. he almost burst into tears 
@HappyTwilighter I really need CT to start working... I'm getting annoyed by the technical difficulties... 
is not in a happy mood 
@Debster1324 @Tenette OMG! the blk guy with the white girl JUST happened to me TODAY!!!! i was soooo depressed. he was soooo cute 
I can't help but be jealous of the people who watched David Archuleta + David Cook last night. 
needs to find money to actually go out tomorrowwww. ughhh. i need drinks &amp; fun!! i hate being broke 
i desperately want to go on a late night walk, but have to get up early... not a happy camper  ~Love Always~
@GMmellymel Maz went-I'm stuck  Bruchetta,  a Coke and &quot;Laws of Attraction&quot; is how my night is looking. Have fun!!!!!
Happy Sunday turning out to be a Sad Sunday  ......... god plz help me (
Wish I could of seen the taylor swift concert.   Seeing all the tweets of Taylor saying how fun it was makes me want to go even more!
man, i don't even know 
@KraseyBeauty omg. Lucky bum  Canada always miss out awesome events like those. Lolz keep us up to date tmr 
myspace is pissing me off....keeps closing the page on me before i even get to log on 
@adrielhampton Unfortunately no.  How is the campaigning going?
Star Trek was awesome! My boyfriends are tired, so I guess I'll be heading home. Sorry INSPIRED and CS posse! 
So I took some awesome pictures today for the documentation of my summer, and erased them all somehow   If only I was good with computers.
@HappyCassie ::pats on shoulder:: 
i have to wake up at 5 tomorrow to run 9 plus miles... fun 
@vikkithevamp Awww...I'm missing the awesomeness that is Eurovision.  lol
just got back from baguio.. and was feeling really upset for not being able to watch david archuleta and cook's concert last night. 
my apt is spotless n im twittering again. dang this shits like crack cocaine. I wanna fuck jason  im so angry
 its not fair idk why he doesnt like me
why am i not a happy drunk tonight 
Doing awful clients   F*** lame clients. I'm so proud that you have already read the other book. Look at you go!!
jealous of everyone at grand banks right now  i wish i was there
is at my uncle oscars house chilling with chantalle! the most awesomest betch! ha! i ate pizza and now im myspacing 
is at my uncle oscars house chilling with chantalle! the most awesomest betch! ha! i threw up pizza and now im myspacing 
@WormsAreFunny me either Worms, I can't watch it...too sad! 
@QueenKika I am sorry, I don't want to upset you.   It is a very hard thing to deal with.
This is a highly uneventfull weekend 
@WormsAreFunny I never actually watched the whole thing. We had no video on the DVR... I have seen clips only  Thats sadder than him going
@FirstGentleman my legs feel tight when i walk period, I cant even bend over and pick up a piece of paper.. 
i thought it would be funny to punch linda in her pusie but shortly thereafter it was evident she was on her p    
@nonafairuz yeah it is, i'm so sorry 
@msTLC aaahahahaha ~ that was AWESOME!!! &quot;So, I'd like to know where you got the notion...&quot; boohoohooo we missed the boat! 
Argh. I'm so sleepy. But I'm not even home yet 
Such an awesome day! Gotta get up early to start studying for upcoming finals week! Ugh! 
@anzeodavid it was cool seeing you last night even though i missed your show 
@mszjoycii lol nice. My days has been ok. Just got home from the movies, now trying 2work out wat 2do now i hav no internet lol 
shooting things should be fun... leave it to the military to regiment things to death.  I HATE BEING SUPER BRUISED EVERYWHERE! 
@dylan_chase where am I when your having all this FUN 
@kissability unfortunately no matter what you do - stats nearly always come into it 
@iamjonathancook i am so sorry  thank you so much for still putting on an amazing show tonight! my prayers are with you.
sandy just made my night and doesn't even know it...I miss you girls 
@tacce gods, that's gotta be miserable for you. 
im sooooo tired and out of it. cant even drink!i need a massage sooooo bad.  
my sis showed me amazing pics she took of ciara, jesse mccartney, kelly clarkson, and black eyed peas from zootopia.  wish i went tonite 
@heyheytaytay17 pretty good. very hot. but its fun. except the paparazzi found us.  no good! i hate how they are EVERYWHERE. -M and M
Just got back from a night of Mcfun.. sad to be done 
@ctham I have to be an optimist in a pessimistic system  I guess 
@verwon I dont' even have a pay day 
@Rob_Hoffman You won't be seeing me this summer.  It's too bad too b/c you're missing out on complete awesomeness here. haha
@xXMCR_LadyXx lucky haha. pete didnt seem like he wanted to be there. it upset me 
Apparently the UI is going to be a little more exciting eventually, when I select either it reverts to default.  http://xpb.me/x/0003.jpg
@GrimoireAlice but it's still painful to be hated, even if you want to get used to it. it's human nature, dear.  *hugs*
Is crying b/c when I got home I saw that Stoie's kitten had died. We just had a lil' funeral for it....  
I accidentally stepped on Happydog again in the dark and now he won't look at me 
Sometimes there are people in life you have to let go of no matter how damn bad it hurts!  I just did what I had to do.  I'm not happy. 
@kewpiezmom YESSSSS!!!!  I am sad to seem them go  but I am happy for meredith.
missin' out on the fun 
haha im playing scrabble on facebook seriously LOVE IT!!Im winning for a change which is real funny!since i never win,wait im not anymore 
no cool hand luke at hollywood forever.  but boxed wine, mean girls, and brownies are making for a fun night.
@erethfamily glad to hear it was fun!  who went to ground round? i'm sad i wasn't there  ~mae~
had an awesome night last night. however this morning wasnt too great 
not happy the weekend is near on over 
annoyed 
I can't believe I went to Washington Park and forgot my camera! ARGH!!!!! Soooo many awesome photos that didn't get taken. 
@JackAllTimeLow you were amazing tonight!  wish our set would have been longer tho 
Being bored is no fun.  stickam.com/teliott76509 come talk
Urgh. Stomach is upset. 
Im feeling all sick and queasy  its not fun
alright goodnight all!!! I'm off to watch some Narnia! Once again....Why does Taylor Lautner have to be so young  it's not fair!!!!
nothing in my house to drink but water and milk. am a very unhappy camper right now. 
@JeffDauler have fun in LA.  Way jealous.. would so love to be there   !!  I could be y'alls assitant.  LOL
going out is fun but coming home to an empty place isn't  snugglin with meat head http://twitpic.com/5chn5
@stevendelman I got all the timeeeeee in the world to make you mineeee. (time you could have used to sleep.    )
@CristinaStJohn so tru!! not even frank or lutz  sad times maybe tina is gonna surprise us nxt season?
home from six flags with the band...such a fun day...i miss everyone already 
@Raniabubu am so happy that you enjoyed it but from the other side I didn't watch it  I felt a sleep
i am soo depressed-- got offered my first senior discount     --i'm not even fifty, yet!!
Had fun at the track and the party. I hate fighting  Gonna go to sleep.
@ShiGGaShay @ShiGGaShay Yes, Michigan has had it's fair share  - But hopefully the flu is on it's way out. How about Singapore?
really bored! i am not even tired either it really sucks 
Had an awesome time @ sunset with Brooke. I'm gonna really miss her 
@ilovecpstyle  Maybe next time, I'm beat &amp; off. enjoy the fun!
@stevosez -I have to be happy with todays day of poker. KK vs. A10 suited.  I dunno.. Hands like that seem scripted to me.  It can happen.
The more I think about her... Tyhe more UTTERLY depressed I feel. 
@sevinnyne6126 awwww...hope not as much as u love sam though..stay happy..i dont ever wanna see u cry..it breaks my heart! 
@_memoria I'm reading the Selena article and it's sad how pessimistic she is. The part about how DH believes in love and fairy tale stuff 
@Jacqueline2312 @Mrs_Banjer And you can't even trust EndNote 
hangovers are never fun... even less fun when stuck on switchboard  &quot;Good afternoon St Vincent's. How can i help you?
ok so sam is way bigger and better than billy that just makes me miss him even more  ~HeRe My HeArt~
Just watched k-12. OMG those freakn teams are good. SUCH a good show. I'm jealous... I want to dance so bad. 
@ShayAllTimeLow aww lameee and poor alex  im glad he's doing better
@dannygokey Awesome job on idol.  Hated seeing you go.  
:O Alex + panic attacks = no good  glad yur better though!!
Nice morning at contest site. Unfortunately generator fuel pipe perished so will have to run on low power  1 antenna also damaged!
I'm sick! I think I need to go to the hospital... I can't even eat or drink anything 
i gotta go to the bed  ...well i have some fun tonight! YEY!..
Sick  I'm glad I'm finally off work to just rest! Someone bring me some orange juice and some soup please!!
working in the morning finding it a bit stressful the last couple of days  but i bought a shoe wheel and its amazing! took 4ever to build!
I have allergies and my eye is irritated and i think i may have pink eye again. Ewwww. 
@allconsoffun &lt;3 We need to live closer to eachother 
says... &quot;He can only remain in my dreams and fantasies in my head and he'll never know i even existed&quot; 
@jackiedawn You should've met up with us  it was fun. I didn't drive though! Too many mojitos. Hehe.
Had a fun night watching movies with james. Missing the boyfriend like crazy 
Finally departing  shuda went over to hypes earlier, it was fun! Bye bye LA, see you soon! x
Actually slept human hours and have been strangely productive today. Organised even! Now, six weeks worth of expenses 
Just added up how much I spent today. Considering I didn't get funding for this fall I better start cutting back on stuff! 
Djing slow nights is not fun 
@banana_sari :/ sorry...guess i was too excited lol...we only found out about the venue yesterday...didn't get any pics either 
collingwood! Losing to carlton. Hopeless !! 
@indie5 Yes, from Etsy unfortunately.  I felt bad, but I had to track down the seller on her blog and insist that she refund me when i ...
@BreeLovesIt @BigNoor @ZeenaBoBeena @thecutiedisease Im in sunnyvale/palo alto! Not close to the OC.  im here till Tuesday.
being depressed over someone i shouldn't even care about 
great news: my mom is pregnant again and its going to be a girl! I'm so happy my 2nd sis :~ ok ok I'm felling old now! 
@Notcalebkruzal i'm so jealous. I.ve been searching for the soundtrack, and i can't find it anywhere 
Chillin with alvin x sammie x sneaky. Camilles cotillion was fun. Sorry koosho and lftd. Wasn't in the mood tonight. 
getting ready for bed i have work tomorrow  i saw my grandparents todayy it was fun!!! and grandma gave me more art books YEAH!
@bawdz not a good display,unfortunate amount of injuries too 
@SpeedyLVFoodie glasses are awesome ^^ too bad i dont need them very badly.. 
@ddlovato Don't cryyyy  Think about other stuff. Like how happy you'll make people be. We are the one's who should cry. I'm sure I'll cry.
@bishimmastar oh honey i'm sorry  i don't even kno what to say to that! ur ALWAYS in my prayers
@stevenmerrill Is it like a stabbing pain, with like constant watering? Could be a cut on your cornea  I had one before and it hurts bad
Ah got all excited that blink is playing on jay leno.... Then I realized he's in cali not the nyc nbc studios 
Ok im sorry. But oh my god im bout ready to keel over and die cause of  stupid cramps! &gt;.&lt; i cant even sleep they hurt so bad! 
@sparklyperson that's no fun  You shouldn't do that.....unless you REALLY want to be a nun
Excited about service in the morning....now I can't sleep 
am i THAT disgusting??? stupid husband wont even make love to me!!! 
Yesterday I was informed that my session proposal for the SDN event in june did not make it through the selection. Kinda disappointed now 
@trulove03x28x09 pimples is a part of being a teen... Just be happy you dont have em like me 
@melitad Yes, I noticed that yesterday. Most of them didn't even bother to write a correction. 
@ddlovato  Have fun in South America, though! Go visit Tegucigalpa! lol jk That's the only S.American place I remember from Spanish class.
http://twitpic.com/5cje2 - I ate that all myself! TOLD YA I WAS DEPRESSED 
@bluefairy818 yeah...aww...my MAR buddy might be gone from our first board retreat! 
stepped in dog poop, how unfortunate 
@jadeisrad_ no i am just forced to work at inopportune moments like when i wanna have a life! i dont even make 40 hrs a week 
Got soaked taking dogs out this morning. Weather miserable at the moment 
i wish i couldve stayed at dyls longer  soo jealous of his new car!
@jesserker Oh nice.  I want a Grecian boy to go to Grecian brunch with.  Unfortunately most of them are lost in a closet 
@devlish_smile so jealous!! Was supposed to watch it tonite but it was sold out! 
no times for fighting. sorry cung  but watched STAR TREK instead. AMAZING MOVIE, and eye candy wasnt bad either ;)
mhm,, FloridaSunWouldBeVERYgoodRightNow, to bad i wont be there till Sept- if even that 
I know how to jerk! I'm gonna jerk the night away. It's fun. My brother can't do it. He almost fell on his face. But he didn't, dang it 
Going to have toast as belly is now in line with body - awake and hungry  not happy.
amazing wedding! i ate a lot of and now i'm affected with nausea  HAHA anyways, the bride and groom were so cute together, i almost cried.
had so much fun DJing!!! Too bad it got shut down early 
@Ozquilter Oh yes, my thumb went straight in my mouth! haha But pin pricks hurt so much even though they're so little!!! Like paper cuts 
Feeling sad and depressed..... (no - not becuz of Les Miz.....) just in one of those slumps.... 
Just watched an amazing movie!!! Utterly exhausted...last day in Motown tomorrow 
I feel lightweight relaxed, but my feet hurt  I still smell like chlorine and need to shower.
@BB10UK  Aaarrrrg 'cheeky scouser' (ticks box).  at least it didn't also mention 'bubbly blonde' (yet). 
@Olu_Bliss lol my phone was dead all day guy! im surprised you even have my number since you DONT USE IT 
I am soooom happy that test is over... until next month starts then test starts again.......... 
@jhjones / darn just missed you by one day  repressurising in cambria 4 weekend. Hope obsing was fun !!!
Can't sleep  My brain won't slow down!! I even drank decaf tea tonight!
@Rachy555 yeahhh me 2!! it's like she only cares tht i dun get blasted away in sum bomb blast otherwise she doesn't even noe if i exist 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 that sounds soooo wonderful!!!!!!!  i want a guy best friend  i had one in sixth grade but we grew apart 
Ergggh work time (Y) nott fun today  I just wana sleeepy
@myria101 Ew. She could've at least been fortunate-looking. Poor you.  She fails.
i really am upset about the bracelet btw  i really loved it. r.i.p beautiful green bracelet.
Going to church, no matter the reason, always makes me depressed.  going home to stew in my backslidedness.
@blasael glad u liked it, i'm guessing new season would be sept or oct but no definite word yet from what i've seen. its a looong wait 
@markhoppus why did kroq shaft us by not letting us see the blink 182 performance on the web cast??? i'm super depressed now 
hates drama.  but still had fun @ the dance
Just got home from the movies. Had a really good time but unfortunately all good things must come to an end 
@funplex idk what's going on, but please calm down and stop thinking like that. I hope you're okay/feel better later. 
so bored, sad &amp; frustrated... coz i haven't maximized my weekend 
says I can't even bite bread nao.  http://plurk.com/p/uacit
Omg! It's 0750, &amp; Kyra (23mth old daughter/monster) is still asleep ssshhhhh. . . Ps I've got a sore tummy fm last nites curry, not happy 
is up too early for a Sunday...even the comp is still waking up 
@tinklebelle awww  Well I'd be happy to look it over and NOT pick it apart. Maybe sing your praises? You know you deserve them
@norcalmare Just a bit pissed, Mare..  Il be alright in the morn i hope. Feels like my hard work comes to naught.
Bye bye ubuntu computer  enjoy having XP again
had good fun today.  sundays will be my new least favorite day to work 
I'm worn out and sweaty. Alas there was no naked fun involved. Pity, 'cause I have a real need for some of that. 
7 hour hula practice 2moro! yea! SiKE! not excited... 
@brownymix13 so i actually enjoyed that haha. i didn't really think that i would. good thing i have to get up in like five hours... boo 
awesome night! thanks guys! working a double tomorow 
@forensicmama oh, that's unfair! they should give warnings---- banning for a one-time mistake?? tsk, tsk... 
@diana_metro they were the most amazing cupcakes eeever. but ohhh sugarrushhh... i ate too manyy 
i dont wanna work tomorrow  molly=unhappy
@beerawk: saw the classic OB cage, amazing. Didn't get a chance to get all the data backups underway however 
So happy to finally see my cuzin and aunt  Can't find my check 
The drinking game is not a fun game 
is frustrated at not being able to download TweetDeck onto my laptop. Kept encountering some AIR file error 
i was excited, &amp; now i'm boring  where's vidi? He hasn't show up.
Up n ready to leave not so dry Wycombe  its been fun
No blink 182  it was still a great concert...weezer covering lady gaga and mgmt was brilliant
Napa was fun...but now i can't get myself to focus... 
@heidimontag well my party is over and I'm suffering with a sore head this morning  lovely sunny morning in belfast, n.ireland 
@greggarbo yeah, you forgot me  have fun!
Hopeless heart of mine... 
@Rychdom I hate you, I'm so jealous 
So much fun at Ota so far. Really wish I had enough money for that really sexy corset.  Also, want moar stuffz.
NOOOOOOOOOO  I just went onto my home page my mistake and they have posted the winner of Eurovision ARGGGGHHHHHH not happy Jan 
@simcitymusic so freakin wack...can't even get that channel... 
just woke up out of a dead sleep, only to realize it was 1:07, and B never called to say happy birthday.  Promptly started crying. 
I'm really annoyed with the fact that apparently i can't reply to people via text anymore.  
Flight of the Conchords was awesome! Had sweet seats 3rd row courtesy of Luke's friends. No pics though  Might... - http://bkite.com/07ywb
Ok i am back and have been for a few unfortunately the hubby isnt drunk enough to just go to bed. So he is online instead 
@mjones14 hahah tis quite good, but serbia was hilarious, poland was the best but she didnt even get through  ily eurovision
happy, yet bummin right now 
Rain aagrh! 25 miles off road on the bike does not seem like a jolly prospect 
I'm jealous to whoever watched the David Cook and David Archuleta concert last night! 
I'm going to bed &amp; I'm still depressed. Even more then before. 
@SteveSievers i love that song and i must be dreaming i'm so jealous the americans get all the cool stuff  tell them to come to aussie 
Twilight done filming in Vancouver?! I didn't even get to see Robert Pattinson yet! 
off to west bloody buckland still even though its hammer down!!!! feeling bit down at the moment though as well!!! 
@therealsavannah has anyone told you their jealous of you? because i am! i wish i could have met her! i wish i could have gone tonight. 
@fleuresse im not even going to go there cuz Im really a BIGG Hov fan......BUTTTT &quot;Queens run U twiggas Ask Russel&quot;  GAMEOVER!
enjoying the deconstruction of eurovision the morning after!  hutrray for Norway, Moldova and fairer voting.  Missed Graham, though 
@tropicanasliim  tears of joy or bonding i hope
@AneezD lol i've been alone all this while anothing happen also neways there are more ppl here now  i was enjoying my solitude
Had some awesome unknown Belgian beer tonight. Too bad I forgot the name of the stuff by now 
I'm hungry. Unfortunately, our fridge doesn't have anything that's instantly edible.  FEED ME!
@mysehnsucht my cats eat even ornamental flowers on the balcony 
Is about to leave notsodry wycombe  - been one crazy wicked trip. Leaving an amazing era behind. Well done cast and crew of Flashdance
@deepbluesealove Who knows? I could still lose...I have been hit 3 times so far...but it seems so unfair 
The Maine was more amazing in person! I loved garret's tie! So cute! Love them all!!! Too bad police shut them down 
That was amazing but so sad the same time. &lt;3 tomorrow is going to be one of the hardest days ever i think 
feels like i havent been to any events in a while....even though, i was just at one today...but it rained, so it go cut short. 
@RealKeanuReeves : NOT FAIR to all your FANS from the other half of the world who happened to be asleep 
@miss_tj Yeah. Just have my debitcard now  Takes 2 weeks to get new cards out to me. Island Adventure was AWESOME tho! Hows you Ms T?
im up..had a lie in  woke up with a banging headache though  going to north wales tomoz a lovely 6 hour drive FUN FUN FUN xxx
@Notcalebkruzel i'm so jealous. I.ve been searching for the soundtrack, and i can't find it anywhere 
Santa Barbra was amazinggggggg... saw the cool kids and asher roth... missed Girl talk  but i had alot of fun with theee friends
@slave_to_anime Dont be depressed.  Fanime is just around the corner! It will be good times!
@miss_hazy wooo!! Vegas... Have fun. Wish I could go. 
annoyed. my mother obviously thought cleaning out the other computer was worth it.. it took like 14 hours!! 
Caught up on my finales. Supernatural is amazing needs more Cas , Bones broke my heart 
is having way too much fun. Adam where are you? 
Angels and Demons is cool..but not as awesome as the book....some important scences were left out...and changed 
Finally home!! It sucked my friend canceled the bonfire. Still sad and angry and semi tipsy 
Event photography gear loaded into the car, wellies and waterproofs ready. I have a feeling the Maerdy mini rugby may be cancelled though 
@FunkeeMonk What!? Wow. I'm still so behind on this whole Rock Band/Guitar Hero thing. Never played it 
seriously can't fall asleep  well i haven't tried yet but i bet that i couldn't even if i tried...
Morning world - just a bit late up affrer my latish night (by my usual standards anyway)! Doesn't feel very sunny either 
i still haven't finished my Twizzlers and Hershey's. plus i bought Fairy Floss today. man, i'm not gonna get to sleep tonight 
not so good weekend, even mango tastes with some chemical flavour 
@garrettmaine FUCK DA POLICIA  but we stilll love you! You were amazing tonight&lt;333
@jordanknight happy birthday Jordan.. and.. happy cruise.... i would to be on the cruise too!!! whit all of you!!!  kiss ... :*
@angryaussie     (whimper+frowny face)
Bad connection tonight.Amazing party but a Reminder to tell promoters they must have an Internet connection as our USB modem unreliable 
@timskirven i dont even have it... 
Had the most AMAZING weekend!!!!!!!!! To bad it had to end  But i still get to see Dane Cook tomorrow 
I guess alls well that ends well...I'm still single for the record lol. Leaving Cleveland will be bittersweet to 
@NitaJoy shame about Chelsea  ....I've just found the beeb on Twitter so you can keep track @BBC_at_Chelsea :-D
@MEGriffin I understand...I finally found one under $50, even...no such luck with finding any in my closet 
I will die now.. frustrated with some stupid stuffs... :/ can't even stabilize my thoughts.. 
This was the best vegas trip EVER! I'm so happy I did this, perfecto! I miss my mommy though and might move home sorry dougie 
@Jonasbrothers awesome guys!!! come to new zealand 
Took a nap &amp; woke up super thirsty. I blew up at Adrian. I feel really bad now.  I get jealous when he pays more attention to his storm
So jealous of Salt Lake City folks tonight. I want to see @barcelona and @maeband again! 
Just got off work! Pissed cuz I could have been in waco celebrating my friends graduation!! 
had loads of scarydreams and no sleep and now tired and scared  sound like i'm 5, but not happy haha
testing. snl is on...not funny 
Sweet picture @verkoren. I love cats. That is why I follow @Sockington, even though he doesn't follow me back.  
So frustrated with everything right now  and so nervous for summer..
@Valspace, hey that was watching the Eurovision Song Contest and tweeting with my Brits at the same time! It was awsome fun! 
re: this morning's poll... it's irrelevent now, I can't remember my nice dream anymore 
feeling bored and depressed  Model had to cancel last night --- so no shoot this weekend  have withdrawal symptons.. anyone wanna shoot?
Yo I'm so corn, instead of doing what I had planned to do tonight, I fell asleep. What a terrible friend. Happy Birthday Casey 
sore throat. runny nose. lethargy. no fun 
I'm attempting to go to sleep now... Hell of an evening. 
My mom found my playboy magazines and burned them  I only get to see playboy mags on my friends place now, and It's not fun with others.
@bicoastalite have fun! I'm not participating this year  let us know if there are still drunk naked ppl wandering around!
I just lost a fight against @rove1974 on Tweefight. I lost  Please revenge me! Try now http://tweefight.com/?opp=rove1974
@luis_hidalgo At the very beggining It's really complicated, I'll teach you somehow. even though we're appart right now  I love you BFF
I'm so bored and irritated ehh I wanna go home and sleep... 
watched the season finale of SNL really funny!... but where was Andy Samburg?? 
@Djalfy I suppose it's too late to tell him Happy Birthday!    
@coralisawesome I hate when all I want to do is sleep but no matter what I can't fall asleep 
@DebHalonen awww  ....cheer up though, theres awesome people out/here there everywhere to be friends with!  ...x
I broke my last pair of flip flops... and I didn't even step on a pop top 
@mistressmia Auto-unfollowing unfollowers is one of the options available from www.socialtoo.com (even though it's a squirelly web site  )
@Mervinnn love you merv  don't worry, this will all be forgotten soon! Hope u had fun otherwise.
@AthenaChristine yeah def do that. wow must be real irritable  *hugs*
@KaylaVaughn man you're no fun  lol. FINE! I hustle someone else.
Tonite was not fun....dj was wack.....killed my buzz early in the game....and I missed the spike lee kobe movie....goodnite!!!!!!..... 
Hi team, I think the Trouble is missing  I am at Alexis. Maybe I can pick a stranger for fun talk...
shouldn't be reflecting on the bad times..  someone make me happy?
isn't having much fun  I'm so sick of these drunk losers
@KevinNeberman I don't even know how to do that. 
Oven's integrated microwave function broke down  I can just imagine what kind of bill this will turn into...
100.7 fever at 4:12 a.m...great, now I'm miserable and am going to have to cancel the puppy play date  I suck AND feel doodoo
Well that was the worst happy ending of prison break ever. 
Hrmpf, I hate it when Twitter shortens my URLs even though I am below the 140 limit. 
i remember rewinding the casette over and over JUST for that song. its amazing how much can change in that amount of time 
I hate thunder storm on my Beautiful sunny Sunday 
@chicalit sad state of affairs  , thx for warning.
had fun today off to summer school i go 
Also finally took time to savor Main St. USA'on my way out  The food shoppes smell amazing. There is also a window w/random singing man.
Conservative media and FED coaliition are beating up a story over fed gov's travel expenses That's wrong &amp; Hypocritical!. 
@WAY_with_WORDS so unfair that Japan gets to see My Chemical Romance before we do 
Super awesome. Just accidently rubbed brown oil pastel on my blanket. It looks like a shit streak. 
@danlawson Rain, more rain, and even more rain here. 
@dwja OMG dina I forgot to send you a txt on your birthday  Happy belated birthday
Cookie is still here, he had a walk outside this mirning and seemed to be happy, bbut still in pain 
@jaybranch We will get blue skies in between those showers but there is a fairly brisk wind that will make it feel a bit chilly at times 
Helping people on the Internet is hard, especially when there is a language barrier.  Even harder when they won't listen repeatedly. 
@Johonoknat that sucks...   I find advanced maths extremely confusing and pointless, even though I know I'll need them... :S
@gemmak500 Am fine thanks, could do with some more sleep  You??  Is grey and miserable here also
http://twitpic.com/5cnm0  Finished   I want more levels. This is fun!
Im up wayy to late, and annoyed at a guy, think its gonna be hard to shake this on blah 
some low life stole Nathan's soccer ball  not happy jan.
@InLuvwithJON Hey now don't rain on my parade  I was getting all excited about it.
tired of not being important enough to even talk to. 
says hafiz is getting me excited for The Day. EL STOP HIM  http://plurk.com/p/uaubk
is goin 2 work    even though it is the weekend
Up early to continue migration from dead server. Still no joy on the dns issue  Dog walked. Is it time for a cuppa?
@MadamSalami haha thanks. did the food shop yesterday. dreadful place them supermarkets  have FUN!!!  oo and bring me back a kitkat tyvm
Back. Ran two, walked one. Even 2.5 hours after a meal isn't long enough for me to run reasonably. 
still depressed for some reason, but YAY... Toyohara is in the cast for Zatoichi The Last!  'Course, it'll be a year before I can see it 
Soooooo tirrrrrred and my buzzzz is dyinggg!  its gonna be even hotter tomorrow!! Whoooooooo NIGHTTT!
Ahhhh fuck! Having so much *fun* sorting out stuff, didn't realise what the time was. Missing @lozzobear's cd launch gig 
@cirrushi It's so not fun! Drinking liquids is like tempting death! 
not sunny Sunday 
@ Frankfurt....with friends relaxed after an extremely busy week.. but goin back today 
@PhlaymzGudMoney lol...glad someones listening (reading) lol...sometimes i feel like im talking to myself 
@heyennovy seriously?! LOL my mom said she didn't even notice until I mentioned it to her 
3rd hook from negative insignia will be xcals ring... why the fuck am i tweeting about all this?.....? goodnight 
I've got to get myself ready. We are going to CostCo. Whoopee! We will 'save' even more money today. 
@ThisChicsFlava uh ohh... lol glad things r better now tho... I freakin misssss u mann  lol
Watching Star Trek at the drive-in was fun, but my butt now aches 
Never nap at seven at night even for just an hour. I can't sleep at all. 
@dansterdavid yeah she had 8 stitches  but im glad she is ok now
Tonight was super fun but took a very very fast and bad downhill turn  at Zoeys now!
No work for me today. That was not a fun night  lanna feel yucky
http://bit.ly/mOCnY  *cries* no one knows how frustrated i really am.   
I could not sleep until 3:40 AM   horrible / (sunny day!) xoxox
@blue_chi really amazing, I was going to retweet it from digg.... nice but distressful 
Just walkdd home by myself again, cant stand the guys here ew. Kinda scary hah glad i made it safely, i miss tobes  nightt
@androidtomato good! even if i wasn't up, i didn't get it before and it concerned me  @mandahoofs it's just... i might have to email you~
@xtineee so jealous!! BUT YOU DESERVE IT!! wish i was there!  hope he realizes how sad i am to not be there! 
@marleymuffin we had a blast!! should have helped you clean up some of the mess before we left  Happy Bday Miss Marley!!! We love you!!
just finished watching American Idoli Season8 Marathon &amp;&amp; up to now I'm really upset that Danny Gokey didn't make it into the finals 
morning. i thought it was really sunny &amp; warm 2day but its all rainy-v. rainy 
Yes, I'm still awake! How unfortunate 
having a funked up night  sad face
yesterday's Johnny Winter performance was only 60 mn and he was sitting down all the time on stage. Could not even see his face 
Just finished watching AI season8 marathon and am still upset that Danny G. didn't make it into the final2  anyways,i'll GO for KRIS ALLEN
I hate saying goodbye  I'm miserable
Feel like I have a hangover and I wasnt even drinking last night! How is that fair!! Hope I ament getting that bug thats going about 
What a rubbish day ahead.. Work til half 5 then revision all evening 
thinks the reason i got a twitter may be the reason i don't want to keep this twitter after all... needless to say, i'm pretty upset 
@jonnoabertawe After seeing all the tweets, I wish I'd watched it now. Appears I missed a funny one 
ok bonding was... erm. tedious. anyway, its a sunday and there's no where even half decent to go and nothing to do. 
didn't even see a trace of garielle in galle  too lazy to have a sleepover at kat's house tonight
I'm shattered on my way home from southampton... Last night was fun! I hav a headache tho  and need coffee and food!!
@dannyjClayton arm and stepping on my feet and getting in my way cos you was too tall  i hate you.... nah jks ur awesome 
@AnnieBeee Morning! My coffee pot is almost dry now  Enjoy a relaxing Sunday 
is rather annoyed at losing his phone at the summer ball last night 
@monabarry it was! Lol. Jordan was big, hehehehe. Jon was stumpy  And Donnie, the tease, put his in between his legs, smiling at the cam!
@mikegentile awww  but get excited for the uk tour
while MiniTest may be faster, it's even less extensible than Test::Unit 
Apparently Scrubs has also been renewed for a 9th season.  Leave it alone people! It's no longer funny! http://tinyurl.com/qt6x65
why can't everyone be like us? then the world would be peaceful, with no hamster fights that end in death  R.I.P. Azman hamsters..
@caseystratton Ok, that's even more awesome about the price, England is prejudiced about myopics over here price wise 
english weather again not letting us down, correct, grey wet and miserable!! 
@itwasenough even blinking or turning my head! lol @woodycakes i didn't even drink that much 
@elizabethdavid7 Nothing la babe. Just very annoyed with someone.. 
Just heard a song from Paramore's new album that they performed in Vegas. It's so awesomee! I wish I lived in America to see them on tour 
@handcraftedbyme  we wanted to go to boot fairs today but its peeing it down! 
Its mate is all upset, too... 
If we don't find extra funding and a new home by end June 09, then we are going to close 
just hit my funny bone 
depresseddddddd ((( eatin strawberry dibs  i hate emotional eating
Feels inadequate cause he uses TwitterFon  @Tw1sty @rperdio, @richokinetic, @snarkattack, @carnagefairy, @themonkeyboy Yay #Limeisback!
London is wet and miserable this morning 
would have been a nice and eventful day to hang out with the girlfriend... 
Looking forward to home made steamed treacle pudding and custard.  Shame I was forced to sell my wonderful dessert wine collection 
@kalemeow I hear that! I'm not even at work 
Woken up at ridiculous o clock after last nite ..... Not happy 
#SFTW prawns yukky mush with tea even yukkier 
i am jealous of @micahyourface right now. she`s gonna meet the djs of magic !  mojo flirted with her bro. )))))))))))))))))))))
@JoTheCat Eek. Peaceful yoga spa not so peaceful anymore. 
I am finally home from my night out. It was fun fun &amp; bitter sweet   Everyone got home safe. Good night or shall I say Good Morning..hehe
@MiDesfileNegro that doesn't mean anything  i haven't even seen them live cause they never come here
@NiftyKnits have fun, we were going to go today, just locally, but it is hissing down 
@lehndal I made some really DUMB errors in iCMA44 which I am still angry about.Will be awhile before I forgive myself or forget that one 
im not happy with this weather   
@JK_Red1  HE has a girlfriend now  i'm kinda depressed...
12 egg omellete was a cinche..finished it in under 15 minutes! Not even the guy from man v. food could do it! But its a scam no t-shirt! 
@jenuse it's okay i didn't even get one 
I'M THE ONLYONE IN THIS HOUSE WHO IS AWAKE! AND I'M NOT EVEN HOME.. IT'S 11:17 AM! WHAT SHOULD I DO?? :-o  I'M HUNGRYYYYYYEH! 
@miketually Chickens, you have chickens? Damn, and jealous, we want chickens but covenant on the house prohibits them 
@shaundiviney thanxs so much 4 yesterday it was really fun!! i couldnt get a foto cause i would hav missed my train  xoxo
.. I'm gonna miss AuroraVanErato  .. even though it's only 3 days..
Is getting really annoyed by accidently clicking the star to add a tweet to my favourites!! 
Ah, but this isn't the version with Lowell George, unfortunately.  If you want most of that one, ping me.
the kills were awesome! the horrors sort of disappointing... 
Hmm... wondering where the cool &quot;MySpace Chat&quot; function is...! I think they switched it off  hope it comes back!!! ...where are uuu? 
ach late night last night, im so tired  at least its a sunny day lol
is not happy with the way Collingwood played today...Thats all 
Finally on way home after epic 10 hour walk, proud of our achievement but it was such hard work 
@snackmantis    you missed the funnest time
Seminar in a stuffy room in Genoa, while its bautiful and sunny outside 
Met the most amazing guy: hot, good kisser, dom, and really nice...and he's married.  But I might get to be his sub!
Wants the Big man Tevez 2 stay at United!!!!!!!, seein him get subbed yesterday makes me feel upset   
@pinot so no games n movies for today...she gave up  Why these school things are so stressing me? It's supposed to be fun right?
Amazing night with amazing friends. I already miss last night.  Congrats Colleen and Eric. Love you all!  Now to pass out... ZzzZzz :]
such bad weather today  @specz155 thanks, i always thought i'd look better as a comic :--{ @dvalicious happy birthday to your dad!
@thelovingkind I've studied lots in politics, but I specialize in a particular branch of theory now. Am frustrated I don't remember stuff 
i really wnated denmark to win,even voted for them&lt;3 
Someone burned a whole in my blanket.  i don't even smoke. D: If i did, it would most definitely not be in my room
I will not be able to run Sims 3 on my Mac. I don't have a good enough graphics card and will not be able to upgrade. So upset about this 
nine inch nails &quot;hurt&quot; ? http://twt.fm/115700  unfortunately u need to wait like 20 seconds  
@tezzer57 Wha! thats not fair 
Still sick...i've no voice  quite enjoyed eurovision last nite...and UK did well  best bit was natalie and aiden from BGT though....
I felt useless at home, I mean I can't even help my mom about household chores.. 
i'm off to try that sleep thing. my sleep patterns are completely ganked since my dad died.  night, everybody.  happy day, ponders. xo
Is excited to make an Excel spreadsheet of her Address Book/Contacts 
futuresonic last night was awesome....feel ill now 
@DelhiBnb how's the weather? in plymouth is really miserable and cold and raining brrrr 
Went to Twickenham yesterday to watch the Guinness Premiership Final. Glad tigers won! But I cant say it was the best match ever 
@TravisKing it kills you  which i don't wanna think about. what happens if you die from smoking? I go all emo-depressed kid.
Super Upset! Careless driving... Are you serious? 
I am laying in bed, after a long day of traveling..I am happy to be home! No, I didn't get my cell phone back, looks like I need a new 1 
@priskilluh HAHAHAHA!! you're hilarious pris, if you ever come over i would show my slow computer, it just cant multitask or do fun stuff 
@Clydebuilt its sunny in Scotland again? Omg! Do you work out next to a rugby club? And you've not found a nice scotch rugger for me! 
unfortunately my ripped copy of Groundhog Day is out of sync  Time to re-rip the bastard and choose another movie to watch...
is enjoying her last day at home 
I feel sick  ,  I have so much art coursework to do and I don't even know what it is..
how sad. i went to diddy reese &amp; couldn't even take a picture of the long line &amp; my yummy dessert! i officially miss my phone! 
Kalimera from a very windy, cloudy Ionian Beach. Thankfully, no rain but the sailing's off and I can't see many coming over from Patras 
i'm happy... idk why. 
@allisonrogalski what kind of pleasure could i possibly have in knowing that youre unhappy being drunk?? 
bad night! no boys, and friends's fight! awesome 
Aaargh! Apple wireless keyboard malfunctioning! Noooo! 
@awesomemoments oh girl, I don't have money money and my mum hates the extensions, Im lost  ajaja
Still in bed, really don't want to get up.  Reemer in a couple of weeks though, that should be fun 
Morning world. I'm mega tired today and tummy is upset. I'm also mourning the loss of my computer 
@piyushn I doubt it dude..... i dnt think I will even make it fuga tonight.. 
@haykuro - new SPL and IME = brilliant! Dialler next? The bad news - SPL worked fine on one G1, killed the other! 
@sophycake nope stupid idiots!! biggest difference ever unfortunately... 
funny thing is.. some of my @replies dont show in my all friends timeline, but show only in replies! CRAZY this thing is! 
Still upset because Hertha BSC Berlin missed the chance to become this years Bundesliga champion 
@jusNate that would be nice...no ones is ever glad to see me 
1st Oildown.  luckily it seems notto be too bad... Anyway its part of the sport... In am too happy to be bothered by it.
Miserable day today here in Warwick  think I'll start planning my next holiday 
i misssss bub!  45 minutes ot get ready then going out for a family meal, oh the joy
i missssss bub!  45 to get ready then going out for a family meal, oh the joy
@PeteStLeger no, I am not happy with the management for dumping this on me at 3pm 
@vivavelo haven't kept up; bike recovered? what kinda bike box do you use for travel? no fun 
i missss bub!  45 minutes to get ready then going out for a family meal, oh the joy
Le mans   I'm gunna miss it  But iplayer is amazing.  COME ON TOSELAND!
Last night session revealed Eventlet did work. But their Nginx hub did not and it feels experimental and abandoned. Too bad 
Long day of revision...  sat down and actually watched the dcode from beginning to end last night, BRILLIANT film, in preperation for a&amp;d!
had an awesome sleep yet is still a bit sleepy, and has work at four 
@crumpet - sounds like you're having a ball watching Eurovision! Unfortunately I can't get SBS at my house 
@nicolelilyquinn Then you'll be glad to know one of the first things I thought this morning was 'I miss nicole'. Dang time differance.... 
@dinosnail morning  its no fun i love gymnastics
@ronenk Lo mashehu, I feel hungover but without the fun part first  Head is pounding...Howya doin?
im fucking miserable. &amp; im falling the fuck apart. 
Friggen half yearlies all week.  At least there's Irene McCormack day ! Isn't there supposed to be a fair thing ?
is upset about missing the vixens game. I also might not be able to the game next monday 
Saying bye to the wife this morning bad times tears started and she HASNT EVEN GONE YET 
@EilidhNZ -so jealous!  My mobile can't do that 
@chevale hell yeahh! hahaha! oh really?  be strong girlll! haha. enjoy urself! so whats for dinner? 
I'm staying in bed!  I can hear it raining outside. How miserable 
@peternlewis I am very upset I couldn't come with you to see Star Trek. 
I wish Fairtex mtn view would reopen soon. I'm missing my daily fix 
Vaguely awake after a night of Eurovision entertainment.  Even the cynics amongst us got a bit excited in the end.  I wanted Ukraine 
Completely overexcited at the thought of staying in a hotel. Wish our boys were coming with us though 
I'm only up! And its half eleven! Its been years since I slept that late, dogs where strangely quiet this morning. Have a huge hangover 
1 day till the clock strikes 14, aaaaaah, im not that excited actually 
want to calm down but cant! omg! dont wanna write bio abi tomorrow 
The fert arn't going to  be happy with me todday the will be done in ferretlodge and wont be out in the run 
is not enjoying the looooooong queue @  Woolworths in Cavendish 
@Neetee I've been awake a while! Packing to do. Not getting anywhere though  Fun times. Love youuuu
I feel frustrated and sad that I can't join our GSD group for the beach photoshoot on Saturday. 
@grey_quoique excited yet sad to leave friends here...and not to forget leaving the cold weather! 
is not liking TweetDeck...won't let me do anything as it says my rate limit exceeded  i dont even kno what that means :S
I have started a fun day of revision which will probably end at 9:00pm, oh how fun!!!! 
Am thoroughly miserable, i hurt my back last Sunday and got took to hospital. I'm still in agony, it is really rubbish! No dancing for me 
pissed off with Gears of War!  cant get past ACT 4... tried like 50 times already. Happy to see the bombers did well, though they lost
@ho_ Wow I so jealous of youu!!! ahhh..  Did you get to go inside and stuff? I bet it was deffinitly EPICE
@ohfabulous Yeah, I've done drama and all my IT, happy with my three A's. Science is my weakness 
@ho_ Wow I so jealous of youu!!! ahhh..  Did you get to go inside and stuff? I bet it was definitely EPIC like! how many yrs u got left?
rainrainrainrainrain....so glad im not going out today, torrential rain in cambridge 
@BrianMcnugget still your old joker kinda self...im glad...i kinda miss it 
Okay, starting to feel rubbish again. Even my fingers ache. Time for some painkillers. Wife asleep since she's worse. 
Red bull and yagar and me dont go together- depressed. 
not happy about the Crows loss and the Power's win 
Pub was cancelled  wonderful. Now I'm really bored :|
learning Chemistry, ugh!   but in the evening going to a football match, juhuuuu! Sparta (Masters!!) vs. Bohemians (Kangaroos ) xPP
@theboomtube fair enough. It's 8:44pm here and all I want to do is sleep.  Good luck with the sleep!
It's funny thinking about life and how it could have been. I could of had a kid 
a huge zit grew on my chin  I hate what this desert is doing to my skin. Also it really sucks that Nole lost last nite; life's so unfair
I'm going to take a shower and that is not so fun with 6 blisters on my feet I think 
my kinderjoy toy is so ugly. 
mid day - hoping i'll have the stragth to carry on i'm feeling really frustrated 
@druey @woosang yeah flickup even tweets out ur pic in ur fav Twitter app, it's what I use for 365. But my iPhone is rotating wrong ATM 
@SirReigns humph! Not funny  boooo. If I see that f*cker again ima go off!  lmao bastard lerking in the night!
is so frustrated with her own body right now 
It's not even 6am and I'm up. Grr. Slight headache &amp; stressing abt needing to finish defensive driving today. Must sleep more. 
Has come to light that my drunken Eurovision twitter updates last night (UK) may have ruined the fun for my fellow countrymen in Oz 
@mstifosi good good im glad... i gotta get twitterberry on my new curve it wouldn't work before  Hows booky?
I did not sleep at all last night.    Funny Emily might be Grumpy Emily for awhile.
@JillStanek thanks Jill ... I hope you and everyone else is safe today and the whole event is non violent ... please BE CAREFUL 
@markveldhuis Haha, yeah, they're keep it as close to user experience as they can! Stable for sure, prettier, fixes my DVD writer? No! 
Is Revising  Stupid Exams 9 O'clock On A Monday Mornin :@  Singing Along To Mcfly As Per Normal! Haha I Am Gettin Funny Looks Of Nana :L
Mucking out the horses stables.. so bored  &lt;3
~ no more PB!  worst ending everrrrr. this is lame, but I feel even more sad now.
Guava Gallery then Hiking with some amazing friends one last time..  going to miss everyone here!
Going to enjoy my day in work looking like a drowned rat. Fun times 
@feeee they are,its true.  its me that I'm angry at, I'm wet and cold. 
@Niero @rufio_o I'm missing out from drunken fun with my ciroc boyz! I've never even been to moon 
must leave lovely bed.   slept throught snl last night, even though i slept all day so i could watch it.
@Loziie123 tbh, we were never gonna win- the fact that we made the top 5 was an amazing achievement!! Why is today a horrible day?   x
thinks the right song won last night, even though none of his bets came through 
tummy upset today  hates exams and wants it's appetite back please!!! also why is it sunny when i'm stuck inside revising? boooo
Melbourne was fantastic!! cocktails and shopping.....back to reality now.. 
Softball game tonight cancelled...  To many stores have RZ events. Mark that up as another &quot;W&quot; for us! 
@AubreyODay &quot;FUCK!!!&quot; at the top of my lungs...the movers all heard me and made fun of me 
Stuck on the couch motionless as any movement makes the back pain a little more agonizing.  Not fun 
@steviefantastic awww don't be like tht 
some times I wish i could reply to all the spammers on my blogs, I want to give them a sarcastic reply but cant.  sucks
My cousin is leaving tomorrow just because nobody will leave her alone. LET HER LIVE HER OWN LIFE! She doesnt even want her kids anymore 
-wishes she was at sway sway baby yesterday, getting so depressed lately 
I can't stop thinking about how awesome it would be if........ I'm probably jinxing it now though 
I'm in love with a fairy-taleeeeeee. I cant stop singing it  helpppppppp
@fherchie  wish you were there..  you would've enjoyed it so much.. let's hope he comes back soon!
@patrickmadrid I too wish they could have just gone over to peacefully protest &quot;off the sidewalk&quot; 2 b seen &amp; pray, but not make waves 
revision  i am not looking forward to monday, tuesday or wednesday ... its not fair to have three important exams on 3 consecutive days 
@superpaw I'm envious of you.  I miss everyone you were with including yourself! Hahaha. MISS YOU.
@sevenseconds I'm jealous, the timelapse friendly clouds have just been blown away down here in Brighton  ... still, at least it's sunny
Unfortunately, I am currently experiencing my worst hangover ever- the morning I have to perform a rap in front of the church.  
@lizzietick by the way, I can't believe that you're going to see Star Trek before me  have fun!
cracked ribs are no fun at all 
@fustbariclation it seems 2 be difficult as long as there are functions which can't be decentralised,e.g. space/ nuclear research,or wars 
@goldfoil ahhhh jealous, those are beautiful amazing. T_T the design is so intricate and awesome. 
In paddington on the train waiting for it to move back to bristol  gonna b packed by the looks of things glad I got here 1st lol
@Sam_Symons idk. I'd think 5 tops. I'm not happy w/b5. It's a mem hog. Getn 2 b like jailbroke 2.2 
Packing then waking up at 5 in the morning to get to boston... I don't even wanna think of having to leave maui again  I already miss her.
@Dpek yeah I love this place! Thank you I did enjoy and now going back home 
Just so everyone knows, if you try to text me today, I won't reply...I ruined my phone, amazing what just a tiny bit of water will do. 
Is working again at the whitechapel gallery.. I want the rain keeps going so I won't think about those laying on a sunny park 
at work, bored stupid and depressed after that poor display by falkirk yesterday 
@chibi_danideath helloo wuu2 i have to finfish my short story today  i cant be bothered writing :L but its gonna be awesomee xoxo
chillening going to do some chores soon  fun (N)
Maths and RE exam tomoz!  I havn't even started to revise RE =\
Finland - Eurovision beginning to take toll on mental well-being. Even girls in glittery body-hugging dresses aren't helping. 
Is feeling hungover without act drinking thats not fair  still in bed feeling very unwell! bad bad times!
@bdlf90 OMG fucking awesome! I'm so tired cuz I didn't go to sleep after it, but oh wow! Amazing! I'm so bummed you missed it 
bldy policy!  just back from bike do (cancelled due to fair weather bikers) picked up a speeding fine from unmarked car. fighting it tho!
Great my keyboard is broken  We have a spare thankfully
@KezzieN  I'm sorry for you ! Hope you'll feel better later !Take some pills,you'll see some change in a bit.Enjoy your weekend !Hugs day
went on major shoppin trip 2day, awesome, although i wont get much of a chance to wear the stuff if da weather continues like dis 
is depressed by the rain 
is not enjoying her sunday .. silly sore throat 
going to josh's dads funeral today  sad!
@CannonGod so do I! it looks so fun &amp; will tone my thighs what's too loose? However, me cannea affordey atm 
@AndrewDearling Awww I miss it!  Glad greg won last week though! x
have to watch..omg I forgot lady gaga was on rove. SHEEEZ...! Josh is gonna get me!   ummanywyOBSERVE AND RECORD seth rogen. Looks funny
Is Thanking All You Loyal MishMashers &amp; Up4It SugarMonkey Peeps For Such An Awesome Night Last Night! I Send Love From My Death Bed.. 
Just finished futsal and now at the pasar malam.. Unfortunately have to watch what I eat tonight.. Not too full and not too hungry.. 
oh my. Snobs was epic last night, as usual! Emm, you're awesome! i'm gonna miss you heaps! 
Has Just Realised That Great Auntie Is Coming Up For A Week 2moro  Awesomee A Week Of Pushin 90 Year Olds In Wheelchairs 
@chrisaffair i've been trying to win tickets so i could see you guys, no luck though 
On to the editing stage...But it's sunny outside!   Hope you're all having a grand Sunday Tweets!! xoxo
@Aussie_Nicole im soooo jealous you are going to Lady GG!! I sooo wanted to go  Take heaps of pics for me
@tommcfly No. I can't enjoy your tweets, 'cause you never tweet me back 
@goldenskye Getting there, I think you mean #aussieloser! They're still big people, but they've done amazing. Voting someone off now 
SOOO tired, Long day yesterdaii, airport, birmingham   but it was fun
eeeeeeee... anyone have any ideas what i could do today.. im really bored  oooooohhhhhhhhhhhh well... *yawn*... wait, im not even tired...
@zoziekins it was weird to put it simply. i had eaten a wonderful lunch, and then got it back up  booo. i feel good now. very weird.
i woke up without a hangover... now i've got one  not fair!
up. Not even remotely at 'em. Need coffee. Oh &amp; I'm singing this morning so I need to figure out how to get rid of this headache.  #fb
@kricket_rc234 I should totally hang out with you guys more! I didn't even see Archucook close up in person. UGH 
@_sophielouise i don't get whats going on sophie  hahaha i'l work it out eventually
Up earlyish for a relaxed road ride with @modernmod, @fuzzz, @emenel, @flashlight, et al. Damn it's cold out! Barely above freezing! 
Too tired to even be disappointed with myself 
I dont wanttt to work tomorroww  Happy birthday to my babyy Millie
Mom and Dad are going to our human brother's graduation this morning. So it looks like no  http://www.bustercube.com fun today.So unfair. 
@theresapenguin u really did go??awesome...i wish i was there 
@robinmatthewfry @stupidgirl_no1 the 'lego' games are funny but get old real fast 
heading to the everglades this weekend for some fishing and the [formerly] awesome tide app on my iphone hasn't worked since last update 
@Happy_Dais Oh yum! Not had one of them in YEARS. Now I'm hungry 
Funniest stand up show I've ever seen tonight. Way too short but 
Last night was a lot of fun.  Too bad it had to end so soon 
@ktjade i'm more annoyed that my 17 yr old cousin (who is 19 days younger) gets to go cause she has a fake id  and its what's more ...
Oh the joys of revision.. 
@bubblecat Legally, no-one is allowed to copy or forward press coverage (there's even a governing body) so we are not allowed 
@Beverleyknight haha I'm good thanks just packing for me holiday going to Corfu for 11 nights but rain is forcast  I'm not a happy chap
@cartoonmoney @cyberwasteland We're now a lot less likely to find new awesome people to join in the fun 
@pcornqueen Ohhh Nooo...lol I hate it when coffee doesn't even taste good 
depressed cos i met billie joe, he hugged me, he kissed me on the cheek......then i woke up 
@jesssicababesss you're so lucky being in london.. you got all the good shops and there all well big.  im MAJOR jealous of your primark.
I got nothin  %^&amp;#@  looking out from the window , I am glad I will be working today, bet than it will get sunny and warm . 
I've grown to love my huge bedroom mirror @naomiserene @wayne_elise @flipsays I just found out theres no way my wall will support it 
I can't find my remote and I am not enjoying this now 
Last day here in happy valley 
@Dreamyeyes even if u sip you have to swallow the liquid 
I'm so ill. And I have to revise Maths. This really isn't fair  -cries-
@rossw9 ha true! The joys of trying to get home on a Sunday 
feel absolutely awful  spent last night in a car park. On the train home now. What a fantastic weekend !!!
@littlebiancakay yeah you two enjoy your lives together without jordan 
@jayddielovesyou no fair u got a bf earlier than mua  congratz babe
i cnt believe how much tweets ive done bout this guitar and i prob wont even be allowed 2 get it  ..my mum might if she feels sorri ...
beautiful, sunny weather, but gotta stay @home and try to recuperate  http://ff.im/2YlJl
I have hayfever right now... feeling pretty miserable 
@jphni20 I don't like it online....but kung fu panda is pretty amazing. Shame it doesn't have xbox live 
@random_bloke fair enough. You on PS3? Shame there is not more content in the store 
that song was amazing. made me tear up 
@diana_music i was meant to go and watch coraline with my friends but i couldn't get to the darn cinema  they said it was amazing  xx
it's not fair beeing away sick, when there's such a sunny, warm weather out there... 
@xIngrid I also have exams on tuesday, when you're enjoying Solange's concert LOL... I so wish I could go with you  
season finale of desperate housewives tonite! I'm sad all my shows are over 
What a fun drive to tpy and Ikea @ Tamp! Hehehe gotten lost at Tamp! Watching AI marathon &amp; Liverpool's match now. Danny ma love.. 
@unitechy lolz.. Even me missing those gr8 days.. 
Working on quarterly report instead of enjoying a nice walk...  but almost done.
ah, lin dan vs park sung hwan game is too predictable... no fun watching it 
I had a wonderful weekend honey, long distance relationships suck. Miss you so already.... checking my flights for friday.. 
home again  Weather here isn't too good unfortunately, rain, rain, rain.  xxx
g: AwesomeWM tempts me every time I see it. 
poor @mileycyrus not even in the Bahamas they leave her alone 
I'm awake even tho every time my mom walks downstairs I'm pretending 2 b sleep so she won't talk 2 me LOL. Potential buyers coming at 10 
Oh, dilemma: Awesome cop cars or cutesy toys? 
@tgnipper Code only works the once  Didnae work for Kevling. Only 5 days to go I guess. Top demo tho' nearly 4 hours of fun so for me
Awake but not happy about it. . . I hate Sunday, means Monday is 2morrow.   *~Jessica~*
@vikusia The airport is a fun outing. My mum used to take us to there to watch the planes. I am stuck on my report too 
@JoyfullyReviewd OH! you mean about no Amazon Ink for Wiscon? Yeah, 
evenin to all.. been gone for sometime.. due to severe fever, hypertension, and body pains caused by my last trip to zambales. poor me 
unfortunate concentration of things i could relate to in an ep of 'lewis' &amp; i'm all out of chocolate but don't want to put on day clothes 
Woopsies. Passed out COLD last night and didn't even finish the conversation  ... Time for the marathon!
@hunt gmaps cant even locate me!! 
jojooo is thereee   happy &lt;3 I wanna see you too, ricky 
keytar malfunctioning! Damm thing yesterday...i think a giant Jenga tower fell on it 
@g33kyscotty I really need 2 more, however [A] do they even make the 2405 anymore? [B] Mac Mini's suck donkey balls. 
@fabulous5793 miss you more! sorry i wasn't say happy b'day to you.. i was so regret.. i can't go OL at that time. 
@EMHDesign which is what would make a mugshot that much more amazing! Have fun in Florida! Really no twitter for a week?! 
@tsarnick Man Dude...you never even say hi to me anymore...you never have coffee with me anymore...i am feeling way unloved  
is off to bed like a good night worker, even though it will be gorgeous today. 
's stomach is not happy--stomachaches = bright violet. 
@Bdav unfortunately not, just checked 
@joyfulfortress i'm still going to PA for memorial day but katie won't be there  i'll still get to see mom, the girls, and mike though.
@allyroar .......all the eventful stuff has to happen when I'm not there 
I'm just thrilled to be working the WHOLE long weekend....boooooo 
scratch that. some tableseven.org demolishing needed to be done... probably due to the poor foundation it was built on 
@itzsamalee023 yea, but it was fun if you were awake..except that i couldnt go outside.. 
Is feeling frustrated with her computer!! 
Back from the Sudz! It was awesome! Minus losing a few key items... primarily my CAMERA!!! BOOO!!! 
@imoneawesomekid I want you to get the shirt so I can exchange the CD. I can't exchange the shirt.  )
Wasn't enjoying #IPL created a twit background but not liking how it shows up in twitter  Here's the pic http://bit.ly/16Ne5v
Bloody TF2 bloody dominating @freelanceP bastard.  I might electrocute him through his amp at band practice. Revenge will be sweet...
Still down with that bloody cold! Since WEDNESDAY now... but I will go back to work tomorrow... even I can still barely breathe or speak 
Enjoying my Sabbath am.... but I went out to get the paper and it wasn't there!  Sunday just isn't the same without it.    #fb
-@fearnly haha!! im only enjoying revision cos im on twitter/fb/watching moto gp lol...must concentrate now  exam in morning
I went 2 homebase n found that there's a job goin in the warehouse, I picked up a application form 4 stepson, but he's unhappy with it 
http://twitpic.com/5cvw1 - Going into work at 7am on the long weekend is not fun, not fun at all. 
Even when I find him a job that he likes which is only 14 hrs a wk, he is still grumpy about it, there is just no pleasin some people 
Even at notre dame, I guess there is no escaping stupid.  Science vs mysticism, at any ivy league university. 
The gui of the software used in the movies is so awesome. Wish our work s/w looked like that 
#Norway Happy 17th of may! Just done cleaning up after arranging the local celebration. Forgot about my newly shaved head, got sunburnt 
its not fair. some people go around the world and i'm just learning in here.. in this country. i wanna be with them 
Making chicken stock from the remains of todays lunch. Been 'requested' for a gig in Manchester this evening, hope it's not on too late! 
Annoyed I didnt know about the 200mb WinRE partition option in #windows7 while installing, now I cant use #truecrypt 
@jordanhowell Tried that. Still nothing. Just closes  - even deleted the app and downloaded it again but nothing.
@remonsty mine came wed no time to even open it 
@fungy14 no... not the tanning smell... the lotion smell... again, i have said something wrong! 
Weirdly happy for rain. writing briefs &amp; shooting schedules all day plus a large dose of motion graphics later. Wait, now it's sunny 
@hotforwords Nice! ~ I just got back from vacation myself ....back to work  ~ have fun!
@hiabowman just planning it out...no time for fun...no 
Bout to get ready for family reunion with a slight hangover  oh joy....
I'm in LA trick! How come no one loves me? I'm in LAX and my fam hasn't even left the house 70+ miles away. 
Excited and nervous about tomorrow. Also shocked at how bad the pics for my provisional licence are 
@anavrin_uk great result Jen! Mine's slightly more a bit over 1h  really show the level of fitness. It was great fun though!
@fikabayasut bad past and stories w/ many ppl dear, i dnt even wanna think abt those anymore  im giving ALL the heart i have for him hiks
No matter how &quot;OMG AWESOME&quot; the concert was, I still regret not being so stalkerish. HAHAHAAHA.May trauma na ako sa megamall. 
Gorgeous sunny day is so getting wasted inside, but what can I do, I got work to do 
Cool (45) sunny Sunday morning. Mowing the lawn is on the agenda this afternoon despite my back still spasming.  Responsibility is hard.
Have just transfered money for various kid-related activity. Kids are very expensive these days. I cannot get enough money in! 
@WeareTHATfamily Oh no! I hope he's OK. Not a fun way to start your birthday 
@Rebecca_Smile aww that is soo unfair, everyone in my school has a cold 
@Jayman888 awesome! I was going to get one on Saturday until they told me they can only configurate the RAM in-store: not storage 
I just had the most amazing dream...and was so gutted when I woke up to find it wasn't real 
@gavlp That is because Asda is the cheapest food shop there is and it a SUNDAY !! Every 1 shops on a Sunday bar me ! Glad im not there 
Blue October was FANTASTIC. Almost got into 2 fights....both with guys. I dont like michigan 
@gembemjellybean hehe I'm not sure the kids'd really see me as a Cap'n Gemma...  Have fun in town!
Why did Michael die in Prison Break! It's not even fair! He didn't deserve it, after all he's done for everyone 
Finally I saw 5 episodes of Harper's Island. It's amazing this show.'Who is the killer?Ahhh...it's a secret.. 
Yesterday was awesome! Cant wait to see Amanda again and her family is the best! Now off to work 
I don't care I don't want to go to Singapore to live even for just a year  Might be neat but still no.  But I may have no choice about it.
@Kerzo_xx i didn't even drink (or hang out with you) andi'm dying as well  we need sleeeeeep.
@repeattofade85 same hre I cnt pull off wearing purple clothestho  I do luv it!was told it's a sign of bn depressed if u lk purple tho 
@sevinnyne6126 don't listen to them!  you are amazing &amp; i'm glad you are ok. don't let anyone get you down, you're the best actress ever!
Arghh sunny day and I'm closed in the university labs 
up way too early to move some boxes into the new place...also spending the rest of the day trying to prevent an oncoming cold 
seeing Angels&amp;Demons in less than three hours. not that much excited anymore 
@jordanknight  Happy Birthday Sexi!!!! I hope your birthday is all you have asked for and more...enjoy it even tho i'm not there 
why has everyone only got 2 exams left yet i still have 4 ?! gaaaah no fair! 
is not happy with his lawnmower... major smoke from the exhaust, oil droplets, too. Have 1 fix in mind, otherwise ... new mower.  
Time to get up and get ready for work.  I'm so tired. So happy I can sleep in tomorrow.
My shoulder hurts.  I don't even know how I hurt it.
revision not going well today, its too sunny outside 
Having a busy day today, in So Cal.....no time to enjoy the sunshine! 
@Emmie98 aw glad it was good!  hope the exam goes well tomorrow, im sure it will. haha you have to take the card in 2mro then aswell! xxxx
@Drifter0658 Unfortunately there is still not enough resources about #Croatia online! 
So my 10-y-o's blog is less than 12 hours old and someone already scooped his content. Nice. 
Why am I feeling disgusted by food? I tried to eat but ewww 
It takes a lot to get me angry and I cool off quickly. But, I do not like people who try to step up by putting down someone else.! 
Fantastic! Alice went from sleeping for 5-6 hours straight to waking every 2 hours. 
The sun is M.I.A...Its pourin out!  i suddenly feel like that fun lil surprise sitting in a box of Cracker Jax just waitin 2 opened!
@Potato_Chip awesome!! I work all day!!! 
@RadioCityLOTR WOW! That's awesome! Thanks for the hint! Wish I could be there to watch it live! 
@JamFactory Mate it was on yesterday as well. Incredible film! Though it always makes me want a hoverboard 
@lewisphillips well i am glad u r being productive, i havent done very much 
@Ravenhill Thanks.  I understand tomorrow is expected to be sunny.  Of course, I will be working then 
is going back to the philippines. not excited  wishing to stay in singapore and hoping to __________.
I am stuck in traffic trying to leave this marathon!! Roads are still closed even though the race ended 30 mins ago 
not feeling to well today. I think I got the kids' crud But gonna make the best of it. Then later going to a funeral! 
Good morning tweeties!!! It's gonna be a lovely Sunday even though it's suppose to rain 
Missed the Offspring yesterday unfortunately.  Got down to RFK in time for the rain postponement, then didn't stick around.  
Panera at a rest stop even though its 10 AM and I have no money because nick santino twittered it making me really want it 
Im angry! I wish my hair would grow faster but it doesnt 
I work today, I'm not thrilled. 
Getting ready to go to my cousins christening. Even tho it's at a church...  I'll be gone all day. Ciao!
oh my god, PHQ pizza is amazing. Sorry Four Star, you're dumped 
Easy like Sunday morning. Out on the porch enjoying coffee and family time. Missed church  because we have a baseball game. Bad excuse.
Pro Tip: Nitro Fuel will stain your pants even if you wash them ~2 minutes after you spill it on them  #RCCar
Jonny's wedding was awesome. I am so stomach sick today 
FINALLY I'M ONTO MEETINGS! wait why am i excited about meetings? im a sad sad person 
@dbdc  ha ha brilliant gr8 footballer such a shame he got so lost   tis a good one for young footballers to learn from!
i drank i smoked and went to a stipper club, i must be depressed 
@bitteroldman i'm glad we didn't watch the whole reds game...it went 16 frickin innings AND they lost 
I'm so jealous of the astronaunts right now, I wish I was with 
it's lovely and sunny here in Cornwall today, bit windy but I don't mind...just wish my car was back so we could go for a nice drive 
My niece can burp the alphabet. I am SO jealous! I'm not THAT talented 
@martine2323  - I'll retaliate. Throw rocks or something.  I remember his accident, how he changed from Ivy league to Sunny's #1 guy.
@pinkisneat First time I went grocery shopping by myself, I spent over $300!!! Eek! LOL&gt; have fun! Sorry I couldn't help out yesterday! 
What the hell happened ?? Ryan Harris didn't even try to come back for the third run..Looks like there was a fixing  involved 
@twitterrific great app, i enjoy it very much but unfortunately blocking profiles does'nt work 
ok last post was desperate ... i guess i just miss having someone who makes me happy 
@timhibbard I hadn't had BWW in about 6 months before the other night, and no fried food for 4 months, it really upset my stomach too. 
Hip parade was awesome last night. Got to study now though  x
re-doing Redbrick online designs is fun when Photoshop decides to perform an illegal operation and close loosing an hours work 
(@phoebeXfairy) its a parent thing  and school dosent help either. nd my friends r usually just like...shut up phoebe.
@amandasunly haha not fair!!i want to get a pair of nude heels still 
@helengoytizolo Ecuador i'm excited! but, its not Brazil  i'm like dying to go there! and Argentina!
@lonnietapia Hi! Just got your msg this am. Sorry I missed u. Hope u had fun. I would have liked to join u... Now back to Chicago 
@Baby_Lexie &quot;girl phase&quot; I have bad cramps when i 1st get it and i think ima throw up!  How is ur day goin? I hope more festive then mine!
@tigerllilly What did you go to surgery for, babes? I'm glad you're doing well. Don't go getting sick again. 
@eldoradobar Friday in the parking lot of Beauty Bar when I went to see friends from Crash Encore play. Fun night, but sucky at the end 
@petewentz i wasnt happy when i found out you were giving a USB drive out in union square when i was in new york... bastard!  send me one
Love yaaa so much guys.. I spend a amazing saturday after all the drama. SO tired! Don't want to wake up tomorow at 5.00 am 
@funnyclub blimey how long till you get off shift mate 
@kricket_rc234 so happy for them. wish i had the chance to meet him too. 
@blueberry531 I feel so depressed just watching their concert videos. 
@nadinesaupeart Sweet - I wish we were weekly  oh well maybe one day. You have a fun weekend?
I don't even know why my eyes are open right now. I was having a very strange dream and then I heard my poor sick nephew crying 
I'm glad my mother FINALLY got her Mothers day e-card...too bad it took a week for her to receive it...damn you email! Eh 
I saw Green Day Live at Abbey Road today on tv..it was awesome..but Billie-joe you couldn't hit those high notes in '21 Guns' 
So tired. Long day. Going to sleep. Not even a little riled up about Arthur using my Twitter to make me look fat.  Sleeep.
Fri night soccer = Sun walking like Granpa. Oh, to be 19 ... or WTH even 29! Feeling like 79. 
@raybuyco  Wrong picture on the website for today's event... http://bit.ly/2m6SJj
@cocoy Sorry, a bit desperate to claim lost weekends 
local parks are full of fun.  today i slid on a slide and climbed on a climbing frame.  not often i get to do that!  i fell over twice. 
@BenKasica absolutely, dude!  Especially when u didn't even overdue it the day before   keep playing that music tho &amp; no 1 will call u old
my brother is at wimbledon watching the special matches today after flying in from new york this morning - i am very, very jealous 
most amazing weekend ever&lt;3333   i miss him so much 
well...so much for the fun the dad is coming back home 
Why is it so gloomy out?  I woke up in such a good mood and its gloomy out! Ugh!
Another amazing day today!  No rain and gorgous out!  Too bad I have to spend it inside doing laundry 
Oh and i'm fairly certain Faith caught a cold  But it was extremely wet and windy so i'm not surprised.
@Aprilknob glad u had fun; out the door I go still feeling blah though...stupid womanhood 
Good morning everyone. It seems as though we had a sad turn of events - the music droids revolted at the country music &amp; self-destructed. 
With a person like Rajapakshe at the helm of of affairs, Tamil aspirations are as good as dead, Camps are always there for them  #srilanka
@seventhc hey sorry man, im at home on dialup with a fancy desktop now. this sucks. 
@dthevenot Applebees sucks!  The service is always horrible and the food isn't as good as it used to be a few years ago.  So sad 
ah i am so angry my connections its so bad  is it the distance?! i need some help! ah i forgot, i saw the harry potter trailer at cinema!!
Now for the bit that I least enjoy - dropping my kids back to their mum's house. 
ugh...my energy has been gone for 3 days. time for a well balanced breakfast! assuming i dont get nauseous  my body hates me
so depressed ......really miss som1  , but sal you cheered me up this mornin and guess what i downloaded fast car ! hahah xx
@Amazing_Grace13 me neither, was it via cell phone or twitter? I don't have a cell phone  only a silly tracfone for emergencies!
I'm back from doing the Flat Walk the Wight with Harv &amp; Meg &amp; the Dance Vibez gals. Wearing medal proudly. Pulled s'thing in back of leg 
Really annoyed with what I have to do today   at least I get to watch the game 7s
@kenkenthenext  Had too much fun last night? :3
I am not looking forward to this Critical thinking exam tomorrow 
Hello Tweets, hope you are all having fun? ;-} Weather dull,more rain! Have to go out anyway.   Laters...
Going for a run... kinda gloomy out. 
Last night was fun the next day sucks as always. sorry about u guys  HOMEWORK ALL DAY
Embarq DSL has been down since last nite. This is me not happy. 
My voice is gooone. Being sick is not fun  On top of that, I have to write an English paper and study for tomorrow's Math exam. Rawr.
Desperate for a Mac  - I need iMovie and FC. Please God please!
last night was amazing but i am so tired! no rest today though 
Celebrating Jayden's 8th bday!! El Torito buffet and off to the nail salon with one of her bff's!!  Where does the time go?!  8, already? 
@Cellobella me too! So annoyed that people could be so short-sighted about daylight saving. 
@amitguptaz Amazing post!! Home made Pizzas are awesome... u making me hungry 
Eagerly awaiting the arrival of copies of my novel at my place. Been over a month so far 
Is tired, but happy. No hockey practice today  
@colingalbraith finally got around to checking out the link to spotify you sent. Unfortunately can't get it here in Canada.  sniff
Im glad I did not have a wallet in my pocket last night when I stage dove on the last song..I knew I felt a fan stealing my phone  SUCKS!
Thanks to @HappySinger I have lost the game 
@ethos914 Unfortunately, the Nintendo DS and DSi only support WEP. 
@volverene om  mine is flickr.com/like-sasparella. hope you enjoy them.
@keatherley jealous! I would love to be at the beach.  The weather here in Ottawa is not good 
@princicipaiueo huhu its not bout us . huhu err i'm so tired for falling for someone acted cool either indifferent 
@aibatastic aaawwwww... Did tiffany ignore you last night? That sucks.  was it fun though?
is sick &amp; overtired. Im a wreck. My gurl with chicken-pox &amp; I will be house bound til the end of week.... NOT FAIR 
Just finished working @ Maxledendag, nothing better than dealing with senior citizens all day  glad that's over with!!!
Its raining here...the bad news blackout even the phone lines are out...all this because of little wind &amp; rain 
@alphaque ALAMAK Uncle, I justtttt saw your reply  I is dipres. Hv fun with Uncle J!  Bring back sambal ijo for me!
such a PERFECT IDEA ;) Totally agree with them for sure, oh please come!!!!!!!!  i can imagine it, it would be super fun! COME OOOONNNN ;(
NOO! ticketmaster is sold out of reserved parking for the JB show at IZOD. Poo.  
@finickymia Found no Sookie Stackhouse books on local shops  Thoroughly enjoyed the True Blood marathon this afternoon #bookblockade
I have a bruise on my neck from carrying Erika out of 1515 last night awesome!  why am I so fragile?
@lulliecarole such a PERFECT IDEA! Totally agree with them, oh please come!!!!!  i can imagine it, it would be super fun! COME OOOONNNN ;(
Listening to some DAMNED awesome music and revising for maths 
Is wondering why &quot; :O&quot; is an angry face from Android 
everyone on twitter seems to hate me, even the ones I dont talk to. 
badminton was fun, but right hand almost immobile now - and dropped my &lt; 1 month old e71 in the changing room, minor dents but gutted 
Is getting annoyed. Humph. 
@jamiemcreject I feel bad for the girl until now.  They didn't want Archie to stop even if he himself wanted to.
I had an awesome time last night, but I'm definitely feeling it this morning. 
is bummed upon hearing that a friend of his will be moving out of CA.  Thankful for their friendship and openness. circumstances suck
is upset , peoples past can make you wonder things u wish u had never thort about  x
Uhhh fell down the stairs last night and banged up my elbow now its all sore...  but it was funny!LoL
Another loser: Thanks to @HappySinger I have lost the game  http://tinyurl.com/ost72e
@aktoman glad I didn't have to crossing it like that, I didn't like it 
@youromegagirl I'm soooo jealous. Its gloomy here in Jersey! 
Alas, one AWESOME day off with VFC, and then it's straight back to work.  And dang it, it's sunny out today! 
@Biansta Unfortunately he appears to either have been trolled off youtube or arrested again 
@rjsh Some fortunately verbatim from previous translations with Snowball, but still enough new material for a good day's (night's) work. 
Even though I feel horrible for ruining my mami's bday I'm really happy they're coming up to take care of me, makes me feel a lil better 
@doncarey sux cuz when i last saw you i wuz like.. eh, ill see him again so ill tell him &quot;good luck &amp; have fun&quot; later. but  so good luck!!
I miss my Atlanta family, they're having so much fun without me 
Stacey Here: Have a wonderful day everyone! Lenovo ThinkPad Laptop - batteries low. Left power cord at the office.  Gonna go get it. bye.
need to find an evening dress...argh what a palaver! surely auntie knows i'm not that girlie 
3 days then... Grad! I'm so upset! 
@PaulTwinn aw, no fun!  least you're in no danger of burning here. Still need aftersun applied?
My SKY+ HDD just died  shame theres no BackupExec for SKY. had to rebuild and lost all content. That USB port would be handy if it worked
getting redy 4 brum  etting annoyed bout a few things too
@truebrittbritt wow sounds like a fun party &amp; u didnt invite me 
@stevencmiller  well, have a great day. I am in computer HELL!! 
morning tweetez! Long nite! &amp;&amp; I didn't make it to church  the suns not even shining! 
@madbuz ...or tucked me in and turned my light off  upsetting
ow. pain. ouch. not fun. owwww 
@_abbyy and i thought will ferell would be funny on it! 
Bittersweet morning. Liverpool squished West Brom but came in second behind #Manure.   / 
@BitchenFries glad u are getting nice weather. It's foggy and cold here 
@tristyB dude seriously  even google doesn't help me!
The escalators making funny noises &amp; i dont trust it  x
rained off shoots are never fun 
Excited about seeing JP today but not the rest of &quot;them&quot;  U know what I mean Heather?!
feels like death but had so much fun last night; working 
Can't go to the gym today  but doing step aerobics instead at home. lol. so fun!
@Angel2266  It's that article on there ;) Filan fit. No pics unfortunately  but yum images
@taylorswift13 http://twitpic.com/5atcr - ye look awesomeee  i wish my hair was like yours taylor   ye both are so pretty..  Lov , ash x
Ugh. Either I slept really funny, or the whiplash has kicked in - I hurt. 
Too much skwaness. Goodnight twittaverse! @reginareyes and @reichoole enjoy HK! Buy me McWings from McDo! 
I don't like ice cream anymore! Something's wrong with me.. I can hear my friends think &quot;Big news&quot; xD Hahaha, I am so depressed today 
@mistercarl @jamessharpe won't even let me have a guinea pig, so a pony is out of the question 
Is exhausted after todays photoshoot -slogging through harbour mud to get boats is no fun  Ready and excited for Lost this eve though!
@a_willow I wouldn't bother, I was there &amp; didn't even get a Hi 
@snoopzmccraccin wow. wat was that for? that was very hurtful  im not even worth proper words?
Home sweet home. Blue Man Group were AMAZING, as was the executive box  Now onto maths revision 
@LeighLockie they are so good have to stop myself from eating too many!!!  Nothing fun for dessert? No chocolate? 
@lynb23 yes but i'm a tard so i can't get it to operate.i will fb it though. unfortunately its the back of the car so i can't b seen 
@NKANGEL74 Ahhhhhhhhhhh...I cannot even see it...Video not available in Canada! 
Jealous of @AMCnews right now! I wish I could go 2 the Cannes Film Festival 
@jbrickman you seem angry lately  *hugs*
@yoha_ahoy meep. sounds like fun &lt;/sarcasm&gt; i'm revising for my upcoming exams and finding it rather boring  i'll be glad when they r over
Up and not excited to be 
@glamah I am soooo disappointed about that. But I went to some awesome wineries. That kinda made up for it. But not really 
my morning is seriously not a good nor happy one at all 
at work wishing I had more than one day off this week and irritated there is no chance of leaving early today 
saw the new honda ad in the cinema today, even though they aren't in f1 anymore i'm still think of them as something special, damn 
@kimbarweee lmao it seems really funny aswell  it better be on youtube!
Going out a walk, even though its pissing down, drama studying is killing me  http://tinyurl.com/pzo2u5
@susiesue85 it was ok - more funny than what it was supposed to be probably! i dont know his name - sorry 
@PriyaRaju Yep and the diaspora is very strong - all the billionaire funders are now even richer and can fund way more! So let's see! 
@xoxoangelrose ok  haha. I'm excited i haven't been to disney since i was little. I miss Florida. So much. 
so much fun last night in boston! relaxing for the day. work tomorroowwww 
rainy Sunday   Doing laundry, and finishing up sketches... might even do my nails!!!
I miss @eclecticxmanda!  Missing all the fun and excitement.    &lt;3
@rajskub Not only dig the show - already going through withdrawls and the finale hasn't even aired! It's gonna be a rough summer 
Hope your day is spent having laughter and fun with your family! I'm working and miss my son terribly ... 
@WarrenYip bart is not fun at all  excitement died down too fast.
@axxxc carolina liar plays on z100  fuck that. and i love the airborne toxic event with all my body.
waiting for @DavidArchie to tweet NOW.  Even if it's like 1 am here!
@wyche Aaah! You were in it too! Oh noes! Sorry about your car.  Glad you're okay too.
@Wossy I thought my joke was funny...  
@rhettmatic @blacknbling Enjoy yerrselvez but SAVE some Do-OVER for ME! 
Google Web History has failed me. There was this awesome WP tutorial I was looking at but I can't find it! I know I found it yesterday... 
Not even 20 min on the freeway and another goddamn tire issue..im getting scarred about going to SD from now on 
I love NOT enjoyin the weather. The sacrifices 
Ugh! It's cold and rainy! Were did the warm sunny day's go? 
watched the news...wasted about 15 min. of my life. Started out friendly saying good evening..and then it told me why it wasn't 
@benitamckelvey I don't think I can play today. Lots of stuff to do today and no time for fun 
@Miss__Anne ah fun, i've been dying to see twilight again 
 just got served by a small minded jerk off. So much for being funny.
Good Bye New York!  NYC was amazing!
my brother is leaving for indy today and i haven't even gotten to spend like twenty minutes with him. 
@mredwards Ooo!  Salem's Lot sounds fun.  Too bad I gave all of my paperbacks to my niece     I figured hand down the good stuff, ya know?
i want to go to the show tonight  next weekends plans are sounding awesome!
This rainy day in Georgia would make Ray Charles proud  Have an outdoor wedding to go to tonight so let us all pray!
alcohol poisoning.....how wonderful 
I'm finally 18 and today i am gonna do fun stuff that you can do when you turn 18. not a tattoo though. lameee. i want one 
I'm so frustrated it makes no sense. Heading to Apple Store to drop $1700+ on new software. At least the prob will be solved finally. 
I'm not happy. 
loves what shes seen of her prom dress so far  too excited, but must now get on with more maths revision 
Unfortunately I have to miss out on this gorgeous weather and be indoors all day 
Today is so gloomy 
@veneziana My mum had text me so I knew it was coming, but didn't know it'd be that hot.  MOTD are bitches, I bet they don't even show it 
@meganpazz @sup_ashley your pictures were both ADORABLE!! glad you had fun. i cant believe BND is over after today  i miss it!
@cheryl_ann_cole hope your having fun! stupid exams stopped me from going 
@bc0035 Hope you feel better soon  .  Enjoy listening in to your meeting!
@mileycyrus I've never even had lucky charms before 
@theangelofire: Personally I waned to support IE8, but unfortunately it sux; So i was forced to use d fox. I hav 3.4 and must say its gud 
So I got screwed for the overall.. Even though I won 2/3 events.. Tied with some local kid for overall and they gave it to him 
@ixC0DfR3K25xi have fun at cedar point. i wish i could be there. we dont get passes anymore.  i love the dragster...
I'm so sick. I'm glad my mom let me skip soccer or else I might have fainted or thrown up. 
my Gekko back to me, but unfortunately unfortunately, still lockd 
Haha, Its Sunny In England! WOOP Tests Tomorrow  GIRLS ALOUD ON TUESDAY  hahah Go on me and abbies youtube channel AbbieandBeth2009
is still feeling sick ... so unfair 
@morgz08 sorry  ya that's no fun im withyouuu... just nap through the ones who arent your friend
@Jana_sk8 yeah, I tried, but I think its wrong or not active anymore  unfortunately 
@ Fontana. Its Fun as fuhh here! 
Wants to go to the ren fair. 
@sherianelfie I agree... It's no fun without them 
busy sunday evening 
its funny, even with all this technology, you still die alone 
@bitteroptimist Not really. I was told by my neurologist that for my kind of migraines, I need to take Aleve because it thins the blood. 
@CraigFL playing Fallout 3 myself... unfortunately I have to leave for Miramar in 3 hours 
@semicaustic I know what you mean... time is really the only way to tell unfortunately  but good luck!!
@tamsynstrike dirty sexy money is amazing!!!! so so good! the 2nd season may even be better than the 1st! Sunday nights will be boring 
so sunny, i want to go somehwre but no one wants to go with me 
@xxcountrygirl12 my brother doesn't think fred's funny either  it's a guy thing.
Just got up I'm missing my baby  no fun
@alexlobov Yeah unfortunately it's largely nominal in nature 
realy upset daniel broke up with me last nite and i cant figure out why,  watching movies
Sunday funday! Trying not to think about having to work tomorrow! 
@yamstersg ah sorry. it would be awesome if you could still message me... :] i dont know how to get it 
@raffale awww... you are really mean   I am j-e-a-l-o-u-s even if a 1/8 of that is true 
Going 2 Braves game w/@hellcatinheels dad &amp; 2 bros. This should be interesting. And I don't even own a ballcap to wear. 
Only ate half my breakfast - stomach is still not very happy 
@Jonasbrothers thats so exciting! u are coming to south america in a few hours! but not to colombia  hope u have fun here! we love u!!
i wish the sun would come ouuut  im desperately waiting to ride with my sunroof open!- mall with jay, then fam din!
here's what's not good- covering an outdoor event. on a windy day. in a skirt.  hello, meade county veterinary hospital. how YOU doin'?
cant sleep. Been thinking about a lot of things. And i feel frustrated. 
@MCRsavedMilife i didnt know you were even on. im sorry 
Evenin' All! Doing some last minute Revision for mathematics  Don't like it!
Oh  The Lily Allen track ~ Not Fair ~ Came at Number 6 this week. I was hoping it would go higher. Oh well!
I don't know what I hate more. The weather being gross and gray, or the weather being sunny and bright, but not being able to enjoy it 
@centac tbh i liked new!t-bag more.  but enjoy the episode. DD
i think ... do u think is funny 2 play to me? 
i wanted not fair to be number one 
My country is so angry... 
ime acabo de leventar y no hay nadie en casa:s.... ..i'm going 2 miss u my friend,but we still have time 2 spend together..miss my dog 
@MissCatEarsMCE i don't even know who banned him  like which admin did it? 
enjoying my last day of vac. work tomorrow. 
@DJJoeG LB Pride is fun.  You should definitely check it out.  I'm 70 miles north of LB. Not going to make it this year 
instead of enjoying this nice slice of weather, im in bed sick 
Todays my last full day in cuba. Going to miss this place!  the beach here is AMAZING! Wow
@stevenporto AHHH are you gonna be around tomorrow cause im movin out for good 
The movie was awesome 
@feefaye luckyyyy! I don't even know if I'm going anymore 
@mizHangTran you're unstopable  i can not stay awake like this, &gt;40 hrs...but i love to enjoy the long night whenever my birthday's coming
At the office preparing for tomorrow's meeting, instead of enjoying Mr Goldstein's sunday lunch   All I have is The Temptations
@BelieveBecca i don't have that sort of friend unfortunately  i only have guy mates who are 18, except the 18 yr old girls i'm going with
j. is gone now.. miss him already  now i'm going to watch gossip girl i can't live a day without it. sooooooo excited !!!!
@BurritoBandita yay i'm glad she's looking more ferret like again!  and boo for speeding ticket 
@sims AHHH!! DD! fucking amazing, one of my chicago highlights. i can't believe there aren't any in cali, what will I do? 
this air is unblessed, he doen't share it with me now.  already miss my boy
Last night was beyond fun. I miss the commissary friends sometimes  day off today then over to Ashley's later to watch the @danecook show!
is celebrating &quot;No Fun Sunday&quot;.  I hate it when Nel works weekends   Sadness #fb
@GregoryMichael happy birfday dude. sorry i can not be there 
really wish I could go to the meet and greet tonight but I don't have the fundage. 
@FunkeeMonk It happened! Only it was 7 years ago, so no photos 
Although there were some incredibly awkward scenes in Fighting, it was enjoyable. Expected a few more shirtless shots of Channing though 
Sarah out. Going to enjoy a bowl of cereal in my basketball shorts. Super comfy! I miss @KissaKatt!!! 
@allconsoffun sorry u didnt make it 2 the movie 
@mattlodder i don't have many fears in life; give me spiders, bugs, blood and dead things. But no horses. Not ever. Not even pictures 
@fraserke Graham Norton isn't a patch on Terry Wogan who did it for years. This is the first year without Terry  he was so cynical!
@abitheamazing awww...Abi. I know exactly how you feel. 
@alexmccarty woo! glad you found furniture! I found a lovely pitcher... that was $40, so it remained at shupps  
@Dannychoi13 I knew I'd be upset  I'll make it up to u little bro, woody's??
says oh god, trafford centre then a trip to the bank tomorrow, the the joys of student finance  http://plurk.com/p/uefvx
Ugh graduation yesterday was so hard! I miss all my seniors  They were seriously the best class. But Andra's party was fun last night!
@wonkenstein didn't even run far but found it hard to do today. My legs hurt! 
going to the fair...only allowed 1 ride 
@hollyknowsbest LMAO nope! i'm on a healthy diet, even though my mmum made spag bol for dinner at like 1 earlier  i couldnt resist it!
hap hap happy! thankful for everyone in my life! sad that Sara is moving to nola nd @mohemb to Spain 
this is so fucked, I can't even sleep. and it's my favorite thing to do in the whole world 
@ritarams Hey say me something  haha now that you in love, love, love (8) forget about me? haha luv ya and im so happy because u happy
Capital FM Ball!? If anyone knows of anybody who has ANY spare tickets, could they pleeease let me know? I'm desperate to go 
@yepimawesome 
@Cobolisdead @StudioElle Yeah, boo on the rain. I was looking forward to grilling out. We were even going to have grilled corn! 
@hanaames But he was funny, intelligent, handsome. I must be gay, surely. But then I just wish he'd given me time  Maybe I'm just gay ha.
Why am I so happy.  Tests  http://tinyurl.com/o2s8bv
you guys I totally bought these AWESOME FLARED JEANS AHHHH for like seven dollars and they were mismarked and turned out too small. 
Had a fun night last night. Too bad I didn't get to hang out with @the_jew. 
is very upset about her brother being such an ass 
@ChubberCheekers Would if I could... my current job status means it's not even an option right now. I know my wifey wants to go too... 
@jamjamfinest o to late for me lol i be workin early see no fair 
depressed ,                   listening to music ..
had a lot of harmless fun last night - too bad it was marred by a morning full of sad kitties and mean boyfriends 
Deans going away for work 2morrow  I'll be all alone.... Thankfully i have friends in NY!!!!
even Jim Sturgess' uber-hot photos can't chillin me down 
Cuddling with my doggy jinkies. Ahhh have to go to the gym in a bit  happy sunday to me!
Time to clean my room!  not going to be very fun!
found his missing jeans but has now lost a hoodie  also found a shirt he didnt even know was missing.
has got so many exams coming up and is really annoyed with my friend as she keeps telling lies to people about me  xxxxx
@janejardine i'm bored. I've been up for ages  how is it not even 7 yet???
I Think I Am So In Love...&lt;3 If Only Age Was Just A Number Damnit;;;  He Is So Sweet He Makes Me So Happy God WTF?
soooooo tired. work is sucking so busy. so i'll be home around 530 oh joy 
i have over 50 mosquitobites!! my legs look funny and it itches 
@ellieiscol130-Haha good for you! I slept til 10 one morning, I was so proud of myself. Yeah I know, it's sad    (:
is getting quite upset about the fact she's growing out of disney channel  .. though i still adore debby ryan ;D
tidying my room it's sooo boring  wish I had something good to do this evening. In fact, I wish I was on holiday right now!!
Just on train to paddington, want to charge my laptop but man next to me got there first  listening to immortal technique = amazing!
@Beckyann94 yea i know haven't seen you either you still at music? not going back till sept. gcse's are funsuckers! 
Graduating is both happy and sad. With the greatest friends, it's even more of both... amazing day/night last night, so hard to say bye 
@Jonasbrothers But , why not come to Colombia? I am so eager to come here.. 
@cnn @THe_RuGGeD_MaN but im not tired  are u ordering me 2 bed we aint even met yet wow relax just jokin wit u
Is chilling out on a sunday evening before going back to work tomoz 
is now officially fed up and needs a break and some fun 
@THe_RuGGeD_MaN but im not tired  are u ordering me 2 bed we aint even met yet wow relax just jokin wit u
not even half way through the month , and i'm already broke 
@krrrissa my parents do that to me too...they used to just provide money to buy food..but even that doensn't happen anymore  Don't starve!
Happy that I managed to get 5 loads of washing done today.... Sad that I have to iron it all 
Kinda of enjoying rained out yard work this wkend, but payday will be rough next wkend when this grass grows all week 
@sdz i agree! i have an interview tomorrow for a bartending job at bj's! I'm excited, but if i get it no more karoeke for me 
Nathan made fun of my Taylor Swift shirt 
Helped D. prepare awesome presentation, had dinner in a new truly Mexican restaurant. Now I need to do some work 
Watching the new KNightrider on Sky+  Worried to say I'm actually enjoying so far 
@MarieC09 Sounds fun.  I'll be watching tv/dvd myself. Brother's away 2 Manchester for the week, more lonely than usual now 
what a waste of time   I feel lousy.  Sexually unsatisfied and low energy.  In other words I'm feeling the same as usual.
Super depressed the veronicas show in Vancouver sold out  praying they come to TO
@dixiechicken41 jealouse our all natural pool is about 48 degrees 
Had a great time last evening. But still has chores to do and I'm not feeling good today either.   
frustrated and doesnt know why at all 
@NJTanner ha ha! That was some funny shit. Got home at 6am. Woke up at half 3 today 
@tanijoy ooh I hate u!! I have not had time to &quot;beautify&quot; myself in weeks 
I don't have a damn phone charger at the moment  but as soon as @KidnapDan brings me back to my car, my phone will be happy once again!
crazy party last night with all the student reps.  our last event together 
@xjonnyx yeah totally fucking cancelled i'm so annoyed! claire'll actually be devvoddd!  life double ruined!
@MandyPandy32 She's very sore and extremely upset. feels like she let her mum down, because that's who she was doing the walk for. 
is at work! still a little upset from last night 
i just wanna show you she dont even know you. never gonna love you like i want to...   
Just found out that one of my favorite Discovery shows from last season is not being renewed...both angry and disappointed at Discovery 
Morning after is never festive.  Hungover
@hotsports You are so right - she is a wonderful young woman! I will miss her lots! 
@TheRealMrRiley it's cool sweets, im glad your good you seemed real tense early hours.. im cooly.. in a lil pain though 
@stephenfry Burgess' &quot;A Dead Man in Deptford&quot; is brilliant, your tweet just reminded me. Lent it to a friend who subjected it to a beach 
@sofiesunshine cause ill get all upset and miss them LMFAO 
So tired out from work and the week hasn't even started 
trying to remember last night still, i have no recollection at all :S im glad everyone else thought it was a great night seeing me suffer 
life's becum so boring,desperately need something to live for 
The rain is playing an unfair game of tag with me 
Too hungover from brilliant night to study  Exam in the morning!
lol glad to know i'm not the only exhausted person here! 
@Bindibadgi I'm still annoyed that real books don't have a quickfind function 
has that Sunday evening feeling 
Wow. Last night's dreams were... effed up. Seriously. I woke up shaking. People I love were getting hurt. A lot. Bad juju. No fun at all. 
@staceysterling i'm just sayin... he seemed upset. he can stop bein fat, i can't stop bein black  but fine. i shall stop!
#CASARA ex this mo is fun: sim track crawl up Indian Arm -&gt; Squamish -&gt; Howe Sound. My role is non-flying tho  .
Getting very annoyed with my wireless router that keeps dropping connections. 
@DWsEventualWife I can't get that site. It says that it's invalid!!  www.nkairplay.com
ahhh critical thinking tomorrow im gonna die.!!! i know nothing 
Half of Seven Story Fall left the band  rather upset by this, Andrew was my favorite. Now theres only 2 left
@peeeete hey. what's up? decided to reactivate my twitter account. even though i'm not really sure how to use it 
@heartnsolex3 lol dito &quot;omg  its me doing it&quot; ur sooo cuteee.. idun even no all the girls who are in bad anymoreee its a mess
Just called my daddy to wish him a happy birthday, wish I was at home 
Been fixie riding with Lizzie, she wants to go out again already, wish the weather was sunny all day though 
@james_hancock bloodyell suprised that your still not walking home now haha! YOU BITCH! I carnt even reach 20,000 
woo. What a fun weekend! I'm gonna miss college 
Our 1st contest entry http://uncouthgourmands.com/contest/! Thinking that no one wants to go out with us-even with a free meal included 
@gfalcone601 giii! Im listening the guys on radio1! so funny! haha come to brazil gi!  hope all is well! xx
@DonnieWahlberg I noticed that the game starts the same time as you're supposed to be on stage tonight. You must not be too happy w/ that 
Watching the Farrah Fawcett cancer story (Farrah's Story). what an amazing woman she is.Great but sad story 
Going to a funeral... 
@ahecht25 OMG!!!!! ok. i. just. died. VIP?!?! AWESOME!!!! u get to hear the acoustic set!!! GAH!!! would LOVE to come but cant afford 
@sunnymonroe305 I am so not tweeting U anymore 
some people need to grow up! Its not funny anymore -please note if u can c this, its not aimed at you, thats the reason its on here 
my crush isn't online on msn  I hate it, he's the only one who makes me forget the messages guy. even though he doesn't know that he does
i've been packing/unpacking for the last week, not fun   I had too much fun wed-sat
Shower time is fun. Yay. Drivers training today 
@EsmeACullen me &amp; my friends celebrated a bday yesterday, was funny except for i got headache so the evening was too fast over for me 
@DaisyOfLove I watched it today at 11! It was awesome. I can't believe london. 
enjoying a yummy breakfast at Autostrada before taking Julie and Hannah to the airport. The weekend went way too quickly! 
At work, this is fun    nothing worse in life than feeling like your being taken advantage of? http://myloc.me/12N7
@Vudell Wha??? It's cloudy and gloomy here 
Ugh even the movie theatre is hot! I can't escape  I need somewhere cool to live for the next 5 months lol
@WeTheTRAVIS Slightly sunny, rainy 
Going to bed, have a wonderful night all! I will try and be more interesting, lost 3 followers, please don't leave me tweeters, pweez 
Jeez im already not having fun. This is so awkward. 
http://twitpic.com/5dg8s - Not enjoying the view... 
Happy Birthday to my nephew. Totally sucks that I can't go to his party. 
not even half to US........ 
@Robertashley Fuck man! I don't even want to listen to the next one now 
a little depressed today at the realization that I need to lose weight 
@personified worked thru wknd  not much fun but at least i was productive! @jacqui_brown drunk tweets entertainment fun as always! haha
Some really amazing art. Hard to pick favorite. Although, I must admit a few I could not see why they were there-sorry. 
at home in bed caught a stomach virus from my little one.  This is no fun 
had the best evening last night but today couldnt have got any worse 
@LogicalThoughts well even if I wanted to come I can't now  .. and I still don't know what is it, a meet up with people I don't know?
Still awake (obviously) studying pa rin. I think I'll sleep monday evening na lang  busy day ahead ...
Doing homework...summer courses are not very much fun 
All moved out of the dorm...man im gonna miss my old life, it was amazing. Im a former streetfighter now  *~MJ~*
I am jealous of Shelly's passport  I want one with water buffalo!!
Chillin out on a rainy Sunday evening. Why is Ireland so wet??? 
My mktng/vp is in LA for tonight's game - I'll be with my banker- eating Thai, begging for new funding, watching the game on a 60in TV.  
today's shopping objective: purchase ONE specific item, go home. 6 hrs, 8 bags of shopping, several hundred pounds of debt later ... aagh 
had an AMAZING time yesterday!! i miss him tho 
@catacombs07 And someone has to take the blame so....As usual me  Even though it was from us ALL lol Please dont listen 2 shit stirrers x
@kezzawezz be quiet!! im desperate to see him and no fucker will sell me there inverness ticket even tho im prepared to pay double 
happy. TR paper is calling my name. boo 
lawnmower stops working 2/3 of the way through mowing the front yard.  Now the yard looks even crappier than before. 
@CocaBeenSlinky glad all goods with you i'm ok now wasn't feeling so great ealier had a very sore back tooth my gum was throbbing 
@jordanknight Aww pity ya didn't get enjoying ur muffin  unless ur in the uk it aint a good muffin  sounds wrong :-s
omg my phone is so awesome. back on the road to st. louis 
prom was awesome. i can't believe this is my last one... 
@joeymcintyre looks like ur enjoying ur cruise pity im missing it 
NO! The Unusuals wasn't renewed for a 2nd season    I've never had a show I love get cancelled so soon and it hurts! Angry!
DO NOT ENJOY SLEEOVERS AT ALL-they are soooooooooo boring 
Just woke up unfortunately I have a bit of a headache 
y is it that the 1 thing that wood make u happy is the 1 thing that u carnt have 
i dont like living distances away from them even a state away form them  blah its ahrd when u wanan talk to them but there not right there
@jpaxious Wow!  Ridiculous!!  The prices I found were even higher for greyhound.  I thought public transportation was encouraged.  
@fullerc boo cough  no ren fair for you either? Suck  I hope you feel better, call if you need anything ok? (medicine, tea, more beer..)
Elle Macpherson bras are brilliant! But I need more money to buy gorgeous Nars make-up 
aaaaarg, revising from german, not fun, it wont stick in my head   x
Ewwww, I just realized that I have to finish my math hw  I didn't even get it.
@smilne21 hmmmm  lol.. somehow i dont think next weekend is gonna be fun for me! falkirk or ict to get relegated  gers to win  x
BONES!!!! I love you my sister....weird, loud and all.....HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!! Sorry this came sooo late  I learned... http://bit.ly/cipqP
bfff gone back to airport  was a brilliant weekend! movies and food and lots of chatting. also, saw star trek twice. what can i say but...
Sunday = Homework day.  I need to stop procrastinating and get it done! Then I can go enjoy the nicest day of the year so far!
@Trace027 you poor thing! toothache is no fun. I recently had a troublesome wisdom tooth removed so sympathise 
millie is over  party was fun last nightttt. im gunna miss the seniors &lt;3
@deadlisyn balloono crapped out for me  Ill try again in an hour or so, until then have fun!
@bookishnerd Oh, I'm so sorry.  That's sad regardless of how it happened, but even sadder when it could be prevented.
@StudioFairy @xSKYLINES I hope so too  I don't like arguing with people I dislike, let alone somebody I love. Especially on an anniversary
last night i dreamt that rapper ice-t robbed my store  sounds funny now, but it was SCARY!
@fvilleundercvr hahaha! Glad u liked the pic! LOL Couldnt get a clearer one! 
Just watched the Series Finale of Prison Break....SO SAD, but So Awesome, really going to miss that show 
@PerezHilton goood for you! Im not even on ten  lol
@PerfectSnack Thanks! Unfortunately I will be studying straight out of a book 
@GrandHustleBoy I know...I couldn't make it. I was so upset. I found out the week before and I was in NY  was it good?
haircut... not happy... gonna have to go back tomorrow 
@RockyThunda Pervs got to have fun too 
Today is such a  wonderful rainy day to sleep....I gotta work   &quot;D.O.L.O&quot;
I feel depressed over this stupid sinus infection. I just don't feel normal! 
No skyline  so crowded on a nice sunny afternoon. Good enough excuse for a second visit
.@TJSharky  of course, this was our Garage Sale weekend - rain on friday, 28 degree north wind yesterday, no sale today, sunny and warm.. 
@lpfmfan I`m excited too.But i haven`t an iTunes account 
Missing yassie!  going to dads for lunch and shopping! fun... Wish I was home instead
@ friend's house :] having sum fun. lol still gotta do sum project later 
Last Day of Full Tilt FTOPs Events....Playing at least two of the MiniFTOPs today.  Have not cashed in a single one yet   Good Day for 1st
Attempting to find parking in Ballard. I'm second guessing my brilliant market plan. Sad that Queen Anne is marketless this year. 
@plasticmonument Fortunately, the little one was not in the car.  She's in fair condition: broken arm and wrist and some broken ribs. 
Everyone I have to go since I have been in the cloud have not paid bills or cleaned my house and I must do that.  Have a blessed day  sad
's STILL practising for the function today 
feels a little bored and is missing all these wonderful CP tweets already  talking about suffering from withdrawal symptoms *lol*
I don't even know how to add a profile picture!!!! I feel so out of touch 
Neighbor got a new dog and 'Happy' is missing. Sad that he isn't comfy anymore. Hurt bad anke again yest morn. go to dr tom, 
@sdbargainmama Sorry was exhausted - glad you liked the horrible pictures  didn't have time to do any others - can't wait for the pro 1s
I'm off to the show! I am excited but wish it was KOL  lol They've ruined all other music for me, I swear! lol
National tap day was fun except it was hot!! but God sent the rain! too bad i was wearing a white shirt 
@RebeccaHappy I didn't make it to changecamp -- had to be at the theatre mid-morning, and closing show in the aft... buggered up my day! 
dammit, was having a nice day for a few minutes, then family royally pissed me off and now I'm just locked in my room and depressed. 
@CandyLynn Well cmo'n down! The weather is incredible here! Well, at this very moment it is rainy 
just been told to do a speech tomorrow, in front of an audiance, i have no idea why,how,where and which....not happy 
Shame I didn't hear about the Radiophonic Workshop gig sooner  Even though my dad is the only person I know who would actually go too.
Sunday funday! oh wait..... I have to get up at 5 tomorrow for work! 
@sherealcool good lord. i'm so sorry it wasn't more fun for you.  now i don't feel quite as terrible about missing it.
@arnoldbala yeah even I find the latest 'Virgin Mobile' ad disgusting. 
Gettn ready to take Pooch to the airport in a few for his trip to NY for 106nPark and upfronts! Gonna miss U daddy   have fun @ BET luv u
I wanted 3 chips to put in my tuna sandwich.  I had to buy a Family-Sized Bag.  I don't even LIKE lays, but...no sandwich is complete w/o 
Damnn,, im hellla wanting some sno funn  fckn de-lame-o is soo farr outt
@EllePense: please call or text me so you can tell me! Even though you don't like to talk on the phone 
@Petiethecat I am glad you like your crochet toys! She is making a little tortoise just now, but she says it's not for killing  Not fair!
I wasted several hours playing Emogame and Emogame 2 again today. I didn't even finish. 
On my way home from lake itasca, mn. Fun as hell!!!! Too bad I was sick the first night  oh and it SNOWED  on Friday! LOL!
It's such a gloomy rainy day I just want to curl up in bed. Instead I have to be up doing things 
Unfortunately, the video clip does not show the finish, 
What a boring sunday evening! 
no, not even 1.... 
Poor @wxwomankris not getting to ride Fat Albert. She was so excited! 
@hamstarr awesome, thank you. Last time i did it myself ended up, well, badly to say the least 
Goodbye michigan &amp; @TonksNtheAurors  thanks for the awesome Gootch times!
@MicroGTD But what is the most important word: creative? or chaot? Think that many ways lead in the old deadend street. Even you reboot 
I need a funny movie or something.  Suggestions? i feel a little down 
Made breakfast for my boy, healing the war wounds. Not gonna make it on gabbys boat  Prob will poke 5th ave fair at some point!
Chillin with the WHOLE family at grandpas lol funnnnn  &lt;3
Bay to breakers finalists are already flooding the outer sunset. Invading my tranquil oceanside community with noise and beligerance  
@Thenardier Yeah, IMAX would be awesome... we don't have one here 
First night by myself. Not excited. 
@StudioFairy Heyy Isi sup???u forgot me or what??? 
@sorchamorrigan Waaaaaaaa! But, but, but   *sniff* Maybe another day then? *sniff* And it's so freakin sunny! BOO!
Uhg angels and demons was amazing but my sleep last night was not 
I hate cleaning  I'm really tempted to stop cleaning my room and get ready. Then clean the bathroom :/ I don't even know. Text Me though.
enjoying my last moment of rest before the crazy 7 weeks ahead 
@glitteryglossy LMAO im fitna call a jihad on your azz im angry it got the nose and everything 
@xmelx060390x No, im just reacting to your stupidness, Your not being fair 
my allergies have kicked it into high gear and I feel miserable 
@foolinthetoon no probs glad it came in, must study rugby and cricket form for the summer 
is off to show some houses and miss the first half of the game.    Do me proud Lakers!!!
@LikePacDiv u guys are awesome! Kisses to all of ya! Haven't seen u since the roxy last year 
@sarahlarson Alright, fair enough, sweetie... 
Omg n dubz and tinchy aint number one nomore that is not fair   well there stil lnumber one in my heart sooo love dappy xxx
Waitin for showers is not fun. 
wants a sunny long weekend..not a snowy-freezing one 
Omg n dubz and tinchy aint number one nomore that is not fair   well there stil lnumber one in my heart sooo.. I  love dappy xx
@evliving Awwww that sounds amazing! In Buena Vista, CO, our high for the entire year in '08 was 86 degrees.  I love hot weather!
My stomach is killing me and my sweetie is curled up in the bed with a bad headache/maybe fever. Fun day 
@RealHughJackman Hope you're having fun, luv. I can't wait to see Wolvrine, haven't been premiered here where I live yet 
Yea I lost scrabble to a seven year old... Buuut he had my mom helping sooo I'm not sure that its very fair 
Celebrating Norway's National Day, this year NOT in Norway  Jeg elske deg, Norge!
@MichiFM I was out cold when you called me this morninnnng  I hope the beach was amazing though!
I'm up...and not overly happy about it 
@RealHughJackman no plans this summer, probably just spending quality time with my daughter. No money for traveling unfortunately 
@rahjd hives are slowly healing up. I scratched myself raw.  I'm on a steady stream of benadryl and drinking tons of fluids to flush out.
Suchhhh an amazing weekend. Dont want it to end  College 2moz *Cry*
My brother skipped john Mayer.....  and ppl wonder why i think im not related to him...
Anyone affected by the Swine Flu?  Unfortunately, I will be missing a mission trip to Ensenada because of the extra risk involved. 
@WeTheTRAVIS it has been sunny! but dont count on it staying like that  no doubt it will rain and become freeezing again  xx
@petsalive That is so sad  I am glad you were called and could get her back. I don't understand what goes through people's minds sometimes
@zombot I unfortunately have no means at the moment to twitpic 
@XxRochellexX  but ur gonna miss Britneyyyy...ah im sure that will be fun for u tho....hes gonna love ya aint he lol!x
@Jamie_127 oh bless babes, not a thing to find out on a Sunday evening 
@ksymmonds @ramdomthoughts Enjoy your film, I'm not jealous 
So frustrated right now..i jus wanna be alone.  {M.O.D.}
OMG!! My hairdresser is sectioning my hair &amp; I have A LOT of white hair. Not grey, WHITE! I'm depressed. It ice cream time 
@Rita_Pan Lucky! I'm happy for you! I couldn't study almost anything! 
realllllyyy upset 
@FortunateC00kie sorry was butting into a conversion you were having. try to be nice to you 
WIFI is dead... i'm getting really angry :/ no twittering for me tonight, then.. 
Thanks to everyone that came out last night! Kogi was incredible! The wait was not 
Oh my gosh..8 days since i've been on here! Sweden is beautifully SUNNY. My knitting is looking amazing. Dog has been ill with fits again 
#badchoice I helped wind up a mate, we told him his previously owned car was written off at the track, he believed it, spoilt his evening 
isn't enjoying this cold weather  WARM COMEEEEE to me!
The video heads on my camera are dirty, so all I get is a pixelated image when I try to import it. 
Another miserable rainy day. 
@carlysmum Yeah, it's a bit out of my price range too unfortunately 
@Six_Step It would never happen. Another &quot;summer fun&quot; sale paper came and they depress me because I never get to have fun. 
@ArnoldHood Happy late birthday Arn! I'm afraid I was working on a piece of **** laptop all day yesterday or else I'd have called. 
U know you're addicted when: U r jealous of anyone who has more followers than u.   http://migre.me/1eBF
All good things must come to an end... After an amazing 15 week, packed run: Dracula is closing today. 
@weaselstomp Yeah awesome film, only seen it on VHS. 
i'm even more nackered now after dsmt  watching the eurovision song contest, norway are on. how the heck did he win...??
Super sick its unreal, even my bones and joints hurt 
It's warm, but not sunny  Oh well, we're heading to Coeur d'Alene anyway!
am wondering... what kind of causes/charity i can help, even though i have limited resources.. 
U know you're addicted when: U r jealous of anyone who has more followers than u.  http://migre.me/1eBF
I have the hives.   But enjoying my cream of spinach
@louiselane: Wow, you're so much braver than me! I can't even *watch* any episodes with Jimmy yet-not sure when I will! Stings too much! 
had the funniest day yesterday, and cannot be asked to go to school tomorow 
i seem to be lazy today. i dont feel like going anywhere to even get food.. 
@TemujinScott aww im sorry   hopefully u will still have fun while yr here...if ur in manhattan there's a street fair on upper west side..
@chrisaffair WHITE TIE AFFAIR about to go on stage, whole reason im here! too bad I won't get my picture w them 
@Rosie_not_Rose ino  and theres no promise that there'll even BE one in '11 *sigh* THIS year, J2 AND misha are going D: but its sold out
Is a lil upset..I want to go to the Lakers game  ..Journalistic Dreams..
@amazingbianca I won't be there  but I'll be in NY some other time so we still should all link up!
Soooo jealous right now! 
oh the joys of menstration...ouch 
@DubarryMcfly i dont even know why tbh i was all mopey earlier coz i was at mcfly this time last week  ly xxxx
@ComedyQueen its really not funny, my mum won't even write me a sick note  x
poor steffy lost  there still amazing!!
@therocketemily the last thing i wanted to do was upset you this weekend, so im sorry if i did. 
AMAZING service, great lunch. Too bad no time for my nap 
Ohh F*%^.. I think i have a craft exam.. *checks* I do  How fun! ^o)
omg today sucks.  why does it have to be raining again???  why can't i jus tlive somewhere where it is warm and sunny 
@MrAVMan glad to hear you had a good time today, I was there last night, sorry you didn't have two cams, makes it harder 
@funnykeithkyle no  im tweeted out. Revising for exam i have tuesday.x
Apparently I'm moving back to Boston on may 26th  this sucks... I'm happy I get to see people I miss but florida is my home now wtf 
@audiophile_tom no  i have Revol.. probably even heard of that huh?
blah...im so bored....i have geometry work to do.....that should b fun.... 
Its my last day in sunny southern california... Not looking forward to the Vegas heat tomorrow!!  bummer.
Prepping for the Monotonix and the Airborne Toxic Event interviews; -- still ignoring me 
missed what was apparently an awesome worship service today 
@paulagd oh poor you, not really funny! School's so hard sometimes and unfair and boring  lol, next week i have 5 exams  not funny! lol
i'm frustrated that my phone updates don't work. already sent two now but none of them show up here!! what am i doing wrong?? 
@LuckieStarZ hahaha...I love it!!!!! that was sooo funny! I just got out of Church! learned about How to Live My Mission..yea I'm behind 
leaving trish and melissa  this night was fun  B&lt;3
is sneezing up a storm  but found my necklace and other fun things in my magical closet!
Highly upset that I missed Buck. In other news, I also have a headache. BOO. 
so annoyed today... not even sure why to be honest. must be residual from the nightmares last night 
sorry my email is down and i'm unhappy 
I love u too Auntie Dawn. Sorry I'm not smiling..... I just don't feel good  http://twitpic.com/5ebx5
is a little upset... i dont know maybe its my emotions but im feeling really down 2day not like my regular cheerful self... i'll b ok. 
Desperate need of a leg message! Worked on the yard today, legs are sore. root canal tomorrow! yay 
this shit just is pissin me of I have been depressed from to long...  when is it going to go away!
@DamarisC Yea, I will have fun. Yes we are! I wish you was here to go out with us... 
mark out that happy face for a 
@nicaliciousx im glad it didn't get to that but it sucks it happened in the first place  you need a vacation to Florida, y/y?
@VitoDeluxe well I hope u like it  I'm happy for u this is just a shock lol
I didn't really get a chance to talk to him this weekend  but still had an amazing weekend, and saw Shane and the MDC twice! Always fun!
Its already sunday evening..tomorrow is school again.  Summer get here quick and thats an order!! 
its raining........i hate this weather!!!! so jealous of Jennifer Stone cuz she's having fun right now at Debby Ryan's Sweet 16...... 
@Nat_Ferguson Had 2 get up for work unfortunately  Not one of my favs: having 2 go into d office on a Saturday! How was ur Saturday?
@jennheartsdavid haha. same heree. but i dont even have a job yet!  lol. wait, is it the one with solo tour dates???
hmmm is it just me or is Dane Cook not as funny as he used to be 
@JSpikEThinG damn!  I haven't even grubbed on some suopper yet.  Too lazy and I don't do fast food anymore.  
@ZacBriley ouch harsh lol well then just reply to me on facebook? or dont even talk too me 
I am surprised by how much fun I had at the baseball game!  And I kinda wish I had waited for that hot dog.... 
watching fantastic four...and my stomach hurts 
@Msmith2740 when I was a kid I used to ask for a radio controlled car every Christmas. And I always got cheap _remote_ control cars 
Just got home from a really good vacation. Wanted to sleep on the way back, but had to many things on my mind. I need to unpack now. fun! 
@girlslikewords fantastic! But i miss the format 
bak  from a fun weekend in SD... missin my sissies already...bak 2 reality tmw..  dreadin another work week 
@MzLushable i didn't even get to enjoy the sun today... 
wow! time seems to zoom by quickly this morn, almost lunchtime! but then again, i'm dreading the bus ride home this evening 
scotts not even playing with us 
http://twitpic.com/5es3q - My PC doesn't even meet the minimum requirements for Left 4 Dead. 
Aw we're leaving disneyland.  but it was so fun! It was my first time theree. Aha. Gonna go eat and then v &amp; z's house, but then homeee.
had so much fun at the zoo. dinner after. we are all burnt out. and just plain sun burned. 
@BrodyJenner I'm always complaining about Mich. weather, but that's one thing we don't have to contend with  Scary. Glad you're ok.
enjoyed the rest of her evening! Sad day for going to work at the YMCA tomorrow 
is still sick and has two finals tomorrow that I am nowhere even close to being ready for 
@TinaS71 lol! Funny it was like flash ba do to my past life... I miss it!  on a side note... My phone was blowing up today! ;$
@pirateking1974 you are such a sweetie!!!! but its ok, fin the frugal has the $$ for me to borrow, just not happy about unexpected costs 
@immajedi AWWW. Ok I'm jealous. I wanted to go to Cali for a long time. No such luck. Hell, I have family there that I never met. 
Glad to be home, feeling alright, not going to school,  hope I'll feel fine for the show, lakers won  but still in pain  the end.
@omgseriouslywtf hey Tara! Someone kicked me out of the blogtv room! I didn't even do anything, I was being quiet and suddenly got kicked 
Had a great Sunday funday now off to work in the morning 
@silentlollypop took me many attempts as well just to get a query with an answer out, and even once I had that done it wasn't veyr good 
just got home from #otafest... took all day, got there late though, so it felt like time went by quickly.  Had fun though. &lt;3
I will have a six pack by July. If not abs, then beer. I don't even like beer, so that will be my punishment 
Had a fun and busy weekend. Now it is back to the grind call work 
feels bad because her baby is so unhappy... I'm unhappy too baby!...  unhappy without you... 
@9thknight Michael, why don't you ever tell ME how amazing I am?  Let's face it, I AM pretty amazing.
and so the angry letters from parents begin  i feel like im back at school and i have been causeing mischief
sorry folks, looks like i was cut from Family Guy tonight. Hope you enjoyed it anyway. 
Working on a new song! Hey Shivi, if you're reading this can you send me that inspirational speech? Thanks. Well I got homework.  Peace!
@joyfullykaotic @joyfullykaotic 
@under_life Half way through filming.....not all of the post-production special effects.  But still awesome!
I don't wanna sleep now, I don't even wanna take a shower. 
But I'm quite sad coz I didn't even see him so nearly 
@lovehound - unfortunately no. Claudia did have a fan meet at a local shopping centre here but I had to work that day. 
@codyogden OMG you poor thing....I cant even imagine....I hope you get it fixed soon 
Excited! In about 15 hours, I will be with all my besties...except Sammie.  We'll miss you Sammie!
@lizluvsJK Not really, a little bummed that none of the guys tweeted not even our boy Jordan 
wow celtics wow  pretty upset
Ladies, gentlemen (where'd they go?)I have to go get ready for bed  I'm having 2 much fun, ty sweet dreams when sleep comes ur way 2nite
happy birthday to me happy birthday to me  
off to bed my. Had an AMAZING 12 and a half hour day with @sastubblefield. Working 7am to 5pm.  blah..
must b the moon or something bc am so depressed 2nite 
@hartluck said to say its going to be rainy all this week  but hope you and your hot wife enjoy
kept an important receipt soooo safe, even she cant find it herself... 
@DavidArchie glad you're home safe. we miss you already here in manila.  please come back for a solo concert.  thanks for everything!
@TessaDare bar prep  i'd let you know but i haz negative scheduling powers-will tell you once i know. :X lol sry to you &amp; @moirarogersbree
no fun at work  .
@lin_daisy I PROMISE you that you will have all your cds ASAP but I currently can't even get into the car that they are in 
i will miss you David Archie even if I didn't see you at your concert.. huhu.. 
@DavidArchie Thanks a lot for visiting our country. The concrt was AMAZING. We miss you here already.  Hope you'll come back with DC!
Home and in bed, here's hoping for 8 hours straight though it'll probably be 5 or 6. Not happy about the sun either @thetricktolife 
recovering from an unfortunate and absurdly stubborn migrane 
gonna go to the beach tomorrow... hope it's a sunny day.. i need tan lines! they have disappeared! 
@LexaShmexa Awesome idea to celebrate. And I JUST THOUGHT - I have a sinking feeling that I'm gonna wake up tom and it will be at 667. 
@fursid you guys didn't even tell me it was happening 
@LAWeekly I thought it was going to be Nicolas Cage at first. I got all excited. 
 failed my psychology class last semester. I don't know if i want to go back in the fall now. Wow that's depressing and whats even more
Didn't even feel the quake.  Was driving down PCH.  
tonight was amazing, but I miss the good old days 
@LondonW12 You'd think that, wouldn't you. Try searching for Balinese shipping see how much fun it is 
Amazing how every Monday the first thing i have to do is FUCKING ENGLISH HOMEWORK!  oh well at least got an extension. Off to work bye xx
@lugarza yesss it isnt fun 
I am so glad we went to LA Yesterday instead of today... imagine me Driving in LA traffic with n Earthquake... Scary thought 
Our site is down...the #GCDH over loaded us!!   We'll be back up soon.  Unfortunately, web assistance takes the weekend off.
@RASOfficial sounds like a fun day. flukey sunscreen sucks so much. sorry pal. 
unfortunately lost my retainers. it was poorly taken to the trash after we had dinner at a restaurant. 
Gahhh headaches suck  Had a fun match today though and even hung out with Dylan Mckay for a bit.
glad I'm off tomorrow I need to do some maintance on my fish tanks my puffer and copepod tanks are dirty.. 
super suprised and somewhat depressed at the amazingly high cost of puzzle boxes 
@ausomlisa wow lisa, didn't know you were such a hater! AND I had tweeted this before too 
Last evening in palm springs... Sad  back to NYC at noon tomorrow.
@smegatron i unfortunately don't have an afro 
so excited about selling the new hair selection @ work starting tuesday i can't sleep  man i love my job come shop @ c &amp; d beauty supply
@zeneth7 Keen-o! I'm gonna miss you too  I'm glad to hear you got home okay! I hope you have a wonderful Malaysian summer!
@Philip_Phobia can't find a photo atm, but it's reaal short with a mini mohawk. a boring brown colour. i'm so depressed  haha
Caught up on finale of Prison Break tonight.  Was good but not a totally happy ending. 
@LetsBeFrankICT are you even open? I totally drove by and one light was on. We went to @thedonutwhole.  
@mrsCookXD too bad i couldn't make it.  why did my folks even HAVE to create my little sister 6 years ago? XD
@izzyray omg. Right! Lol. I had to rub his chest to calm him down. Earthquake then we went outside and fireworks were going off  he wa ...
@MmeShahSG @FSteven Thank you! We had a safe flight back home but I fell sick today. 
@Mskash I just saw on the news and called the 'rents. You shoulda called me! I had no idear  Glad ur ok chumpie.
Forcast for Monday: Day, will be sunny &amp; hot. Highs 90-96. night time lows of 57-65. Guess Im sleeping on the couch tomorrow. 
@jgoldeneye I know  It sounded like you guys were having fun too ...
having no money is not fun 
Aw, made tea that smells really wonderful, but tastes like water because I didn't steep it long enough 
@bbggoodd no way!! So jealous. They never perform at the six flags here 
@ZeezStarShipp SO MUCH FUN. You shoulda came 
@RealKeanuReeves Back in the 70's when Star wars was truly an awesome one of a kind movie...THAT was when it was good. Too much CGI now 
Such a harsh but true realization 
awesome girls night with michelle!!!  back to work tomorrow 
@reema226: Yeah it is. And thanks. I have so many wonderful friends and I always go into the shadows without telling any. 
gotta go and have a shower mum was yelling at me again  i don't like her mood today, and i was happy 
sunday notso funday 
@Alicepire depends if Phantom sends me broke. It has a strange habit of that  But should I have sufficient funds, heck YES!
Earthquakes in L.A. are not funnnn 
fun earthquake earlier! dont like being sickk 
Some one pick me up for so blessed 
@piaguanio VERY AMAZING!!!!  too bad he went back to the states. (
@cherylawesome did matt tell you what happened? had a bussyyy day with minimal sleep so i ended up just passing out at his house. sorryyy 
i miss spruce and my lovely VMA. seeing them on thursday was so wonderful i'm gonna miss them hardcore this summer 
Sips more hot coffee in hopes of soothing the throat. I've ran out of Strepsils.. 
Arghhhh bogginess has messed with my system &amp; I haven't even done up my to-do post-it 
Home getting ready for bed, but I'm not tired enough to sleep, even though I only got 3 hours of sleep before work. My ipod is dead 
Dear ONTD_Twatlight, you have burnt me out on Star Trek and I haven't even seen it.   now I kinda don't wanna.
Sitimg down watching robert play the game how fun 
The desperate hoyswives finale was kinda lame 
@HannahRobertson Boooooooo!!! That's not fun, at all!  bugger!
sun, but i wont be able to enjoy that being in the garden today 
The new Green Day album is awesome.  And, for some reason, I cannot hear any music on MySpace, including the new Modest Mouse song. 
Siting down watching robert play the game how fun 
Our site is down...the #GCDH over loaded us!!  We'll be back up soon. Unfortunately, web assistance takes the .. http://bit.ly/oTHMh
More bored than frustrated now - running out of things to do that will actually hold my attention 
Layin in My Baby's Bed...But He's Not Even Here  O Well at Least I Kno Ima Get Some Good Mornin &lt;3 &lt;3
lana has a headache.. she has to work tomorrow and she needs to go to the funeral home... o what to wear... 
Most traumatic night i have ever had in my life... I dont even know if I'll ever want to drive again or if i will.. 
They just called my cat &quot;the mean cat&quot; and thought I couldn't hear!  She's not mean, just sad &amp; hurt. I'd be angry too!
@Cassidyaspen420 just got engaged myself so i know the feeling but the funny thing is that everyone wants to know when the big day is now 
@judez_xo yeah?  i hate bad nights... i tried to sleep so much but i got like 2 hours...  i dont even know why i was so :S/
@PaganVixen i wasn't ignoring natasha.  and i'm pretty sure i knew he was on even if i'm not getting updates from him.lol
@keikomushi Yep, annoying. And they don't even reply if you reply. 
did not enjoy the 5.30 wake up for no reason  or what i woke up to x
@JoLoPe  not even for one last pina colada extra blended
@tpleeza  my batt died. I didn't even realize cuz I turned the sound on the phone off earlier so I didn't hear it beep
Exhausted, annoyed that the motel has not provided any cookies, or a spa. Just about to find food then teach. Not back till after 10. 
Had so much fun this weekend! Work all week in cerritos, last week of training.. That means waking up at 6am  is it next weekend yet?
Sweating out a fever even though I know that its not safe for you  it's just a myth so dont do it.
No http://twtvite.com/1owvdb #twtvite #rozsavage Sorry I'm not able to make it   Have fun Roz!
@tyleem111 longggggggg stupid corny story that I don't even wanna yalk about it. Fuck my life. Tyleeeeee I misssh u and boyfriend! 
@thebrownboi I think I need a pause from this past weekend  lol I was a wee to festive. How about two weeks?
@rachellee84 *jealous* its THE thing to see in van.. I'm not sure if its running this year tho... 
@hillarybztch next year is going to be difficult  and even though I'm only 30 minutes away, living somewhere else is freakin me out gurl.
today is free! i would like to enjoy the sun. but first i must clean the house!  wish everyone a good start into the week!
Didn't sleep. Stomach cramps, itchy legs &amp; insomnia do not make for a happy choolotte 
@lazalonso YO, MAD PROPZ ON FAST&amp;FURIOUS. NICE RANGE, DIDN'T EVEN RECOGNIZE U HOMEY. KEEP THAT UP. ROLES LIKE THIS CHRISTMAS? 
@trvsbrkr Bama can spell better than I can lol Im sooo jealous.... 
Big day. Tec exam today then end on parents evening - better stuck in school than out in Rain 
@b The unfortunate drawbacks of a one character user name   Hope you had a great vacation!
watch'd desprite housewives. happy that theyre fine ! so early to sleep.. this weeks gon be CRAZY 
im home n NY wit my otha half too happy bout that..still no phone  i b bac on by tuesday lol..i miss da besties..
@heroeswench Dailybooth is pretty fun, I have no idea why.  yes, Sarah! #TSCC - I hope we haven't seen the last  #TSCC
Checking, editing and reposting 70 or so banner images. Internet joy 
@markdavidson That's the reason I'm still with Verizon, unfortunately.... or else I'd have the iPhone!  
ahhh fresh laundry is making my room even warmer 
@andrearlevin don't be bitter!  you went to UCF, seems like the Magic winning shouldn't be so horrible! They're your team too!
@cc_monkey that's not even fair 
back home from a long but funfilled weekend... it was SO HOT i thought i was in miami again. still no tan though 
@minteva Circus = awesome! As always. And I wasn't as tired and sore this week. Photo shoot didn't end up happening 
Why doesn't life come with a reset button? Or even a rewind? Ugh 
@angeliatay the weather is just awesome for that lah!!! 
Adelaide airport - everyone now has been waiting 45 mins for bags.... From my flight only, not happy 
@BrianLopes just made me have a unbearable craving for sushi. 
@love_her_madly Ohhhh! That was fun indeed. 
@dartmoortime HOW hot is itttt? Jealous it's just rain here 
So tiered after a day in the car. Also jelouse that my little brothe has a blackberry NOT FAIR 
urgh  maths gcse today not ready=fail   today is going to be fun 
@MTVwebmaster WooohOOOOOO!!!... i dnt have a videocam  but will still try to participate.. even though it comes bad !
Made it through the weekend.  I was really depressed the last few days.  ...not excited about work though. Another week here we come.
for once wishes it wasn't miserable weather - but not for myself, for these people arriving in our beautiful city to THIS! 
@BBIZZYYY sounds like we both need some snuggles  sorry hun, but ur young &amp; beautiful &amp; Im sure theres something amazing awaiting you!
@DavidArchie  Glad you got home safely! We miss you already!  Come back to the Philippines, will you?
@pepperlive if u could please leave me a funny joke or something i would love it...ive got the homesick blues and need a major pick me up 
nice and sunny in norwich . Shame ill be im work all day 
my Papa was upset with me this weekend....I took a few clients although I was sick &amp; he got up &amp; left! Gotta spend some time with him! 
@petewentz glad to hear you had a great tour, unfortunatly I wasn't able to attend any of the shows 
@Poage_Photo that game was pretty fun to watch. The Swingers are kind of bitter rivals for us 
great. I'm pretty much fucking depressed again. I really shouldn't have started thinking about them. 
Dita Von Teese was amazing on Eurovision! I know this all kinda late but I forgot my password! lol what a dumbass!  xoxo
is watching Desperate Housewives. (season finale)  http://plurk.com/p/uhn6j
@gmangalo my dgroup watched the movie last Monday. unfortunately I didn't attend last meeting. (Inggit factor).. 
Superbikes were awesome...but I am paying for it today 
Ew not very nice this morning even tho it had a promising start!  on a side note got some new rubber on the mota in the form of Avon ZZ3's
@JonathanRKnight Hey Jon! I've missed you guys today  Guess you're all to busy tweet huh? Glad your having a great time. Wish i was there!
Just woke up to feed the little monkey, then some more resident evil playing. Chapter eleven is hard! 
@cathywongster why are you unhappy??  that makes me unhappy.
@NathanFillion Just watched the DH finale and still wish you were still on the show!  You were so awesome last season
Up &amp; about.  Have another asset audit to.  On my own doorstep this time. More brain melting anti-fun. 
for once wishes it wasn't miserable weather - but not for myself, for these people arriving in our beautiful city to THIS! 
@fourfrogs nope miserable and cloudy  what about you?
@kellywilliams4 Oooh   I need to lose 10.5 lbs . Glad I've joined,small group,really lovely people, feel back in control x U working 2day?
is currently depressed that the weekend is over  BUT! also very phsyched for the SEASON FINALE of CSI: Miami tomorrow!!
Morning/evening all. Having to work in 2different schools today &amp; for whole day. Gonna be a bit grumpy when I get home 
i hate living near dennys there's always loud ass people in the parking lot playing their music preventing me from my sleep 
too much uncontrolled thinking... i need sleeeep  
2:00 AM and my daughter keeps getting sick.  Poor little girl, but she is being so brave. I'm proud of her. But no sleep for me 
@missroxieanne Awwww  I know how you feel, hopefully you'll come up with something even better than before.
@kunalashar and taken with him, the pride and joy of Chembur 
It's nice and sunny day!! Aaaaand I slept too long to enjoy the nice day... 
@littlepapoose nice...I'm glad that at least worked.  I can't see half the images on Etsy. 
@taylorswift13 i have a friend near LA who wanted to see u in concert but ticket prices soared so she couldn't  hope u have fun!
@sahiraa i'm nervous! mostly cuz of the angry gokey fans voting for kris 
@PaganVixen i can't even do that for her.  she lives in australia. Anything could happen to her. And i can't do shit about it. 
ahh off to college not happy!! means more hard work  hope everyone has a good day x x
@Meeshelle22 Awww... I miss happy note/sad note..... 
at home.  my brother and my sister left me with my younger sister and went to batangas!  im not happy about it! &gt;
I am desperately trying to find a place to see that match 
@scarletshimmer  Wasn't a avid watcher myself, but I hate to see a decent genre show get cancelled. Glad to see we'll get more Chuck tho!
It's nice and sunny day!! I slept too long and couldn't enjoy the day! 
nothing to do here.... and im depressed 
sunny and hot in Zagreb... wish I could go to the seaside instead of sitting in an office. 
@whitsundays You poor *sausage*! LOL  If I could I would send you a pack - but don't think they would enjoy the flight! 
And I missed the season finale of desperate house wives, 
not so happy camper anymore.. i think i ate some bad chinese 
@kimloves your nights make me jealous Kim.  for real.
Severely depressed over not seeing FOB before the end of the tour, wanted a 3rd year consecutive. 
oops typo evenfutl day! im going to bed WTF 
very sore   i wish it would stop hurting.. but my mood is not crazy bipolar manic anymore. i'm now more happy but not hyper.
Now for happy news-I graduated!!with my entire family from India,Philly&amp;LA here!!BIGG party. now i should get to the the exam i have left 
Man, I was so excited to be back at work after being sick for so long! But there's nothing to do 
@msnindia  But the 12th Lok Sabha was wayyy younger than this,..even the 13th , for that matter..i expected more outta d 15th 
New day has come... Also a new, busy week...  i am so jealous for ppl who just relax all the time...
is upset she won't get to see London anymore 
Desperate Housewives was intense! I really almost cried a bunch of times : p Season Finale!  I still feel like crying.. : p
@taherafridi I wish I wish I can make it so that THAT never happened  Don't be upset... I'll fix it later I promise!
Damn I have no fun partying without the maui wowwie sons 
At home again today, got to get my head back into work, quick trip to the docs this afternoon to check all is well.  Not so sunny today 
@LittleYellowJen ily you toooo! my boss was just mean to me then  i need friday off to go to a funeral and i dont think she believes me 
@ensredshirt really hope your friend Sunny gets better asap! 
It upsets me that mum doesnt tuck me in goodnight anymore 
Why do I even bother putting on lotion to moisturize my skin when it gets moisturized by sweat already? Too hot today 
So Frustrated and nervose.  Can't sleep
is not looking forward to work/homework tomorrow...  Hopefully next weekend will be awesome...
enjoyed the crazy magic that was bay to breakers but is hating the pain in her feet/legs 
has woken up depressed... I've opened that funny blog but no one is entering it, it makes me feel really sad 
Season finale of Gossip Girl tomorrow night and I have to miss it thanks to work. WONDERFUL!! 
@theDebbyRyan   Wish I could have gone my brother Vince Thomas was their butvthe lady running ur even said he got Denied from ur party. 
long weekend almost comes to an end  tmr is the last public holiday during school time , gonna spend the day in sth meaningful n fun!!
is feeling sick today fun fun..NOT! 
the ocean has so many moods. right now it is a little upset and angry. maybe cause i have to leave to go back to sydney 
@NoemiR21 nothing like the old ones the best,I even had the books... the next gen.Degrassi was fun for a few years but now it's different 
getting sick, it's miserable outside, yuck   *
oh my, why didn't they put danny on idol's sexiest list?? urghh! that's not fair 
@Moriqua143 had a chik try &amp; sex me real gud like i was gonna change my mind 4 real. i had fun tho lol. then i cut her from the squad 
it is really difficult to pass from 35C sunny to 15C rainy! 
Still up doing homework... And not even close to being done... 
good night all. @zombienicholas @william_control @angelibarra I'm sorry I can't see you in Fullerton and Anaheim  Have fun for me!
ILA's wifi sucks,it blocks everything,even facebook!!!how can they.....?what da hell  
@DavidArchie If you stay in LA long enough, you may feel earthquake. I live in SF bay area &amp; felt earthquake many times. But it's no fun 
What's the chances of it being sunny today? I miss beingvable to wear shorts! 
But I don't wanna cheat  I wanna do real missions (city of heroes related)
@BrandyWandLover see! Can't even type properly! Am a bit befuddled, tbh! Reckons he's gawn now   xxx
In bed after a very awesome day thanx to my sweetie pie.. I must say after seeing Jessie today I realized that Imma miss her and rylee 
Good morning everyone! Had an awesome dream about Danny.... What a bummer it was just a dream  x x x
@taylorswift13 AHHH you're lucky!! I am envious of you right now!!   ohhh LA someday!! 
awww buffy just killed angel and left sunnydale  sad ending! season 3 tomorrow&lt;3
@pooda See??..Pooda gon make me Twitter depressed 
Sitting at work  Fun or not ??
glad to know twitter's back... but missed my updates from my garden and new bed 
@Paul_Cornell - disappointed  it had great depth and was unbothered by the perceived need for happy endings...
@NinjaSarah sorry if you got offended 
Can't function well in this weather.. my fan is broken  I'm more cranky now
I miss my NTA girls!  We had soo much fun together.. Now letsall goplay go fish and drink earl gray tea...
Oh Monday again, how i hate Mondays  i will be smiling like i mean it )
Taxi I eventually ordered didn't bother to turn up and wouldn't answer phone!  So having to get a later train and wishing I had a car 
Cannon beach was awesome! Seaside a rainy mess 
Hey!! im at skl!!  not fair
@PembsDave My stoopic 'putor wouldn't let me play it, it is having a stutter.   Arghghgh. v.annoyed 
didn't even smoke any hooka---but still feels a little sick just from being around the smoke. no me gusta 
@TinkersHomeFry Happy Birthday buddy...love you even if I havent shown it   Promise to do better...cross my spleen!
.@YourMrBumbles Bet that didn't make you a happy bunny   Blocking should be left for extreme offences, dont you think?
I regret to inform you all that due to unforeseen circumstances, we have had no choice but to postpone the Battle of Pitbulls MMA Event! 
@felixnutter I've been disapointed with it since season 3  I've not seen much of this season. Shame cos it started brilliantly
@ALLIEINCREDIBLE nice guys finish last 
bored  and tired. and ill. and have exams all week. not good  i'm so glad i'm seeing cobra saturday to make up for the shit week  &lt;333
@BillodieTomodie i feel bad that ur upset  dont be sad
@Karageorgakis They hurt my ears, unfortunately 
It's nice and sunny outside; I hate it :| Come back, clouds 
&amp; trolls, dog mugs, vintage sweaters, amazing boots (too small  ) and just so much i can sell. Fuck ya!
lost an important roll of film  anyone in hawaii who sees a funny looking roll that could be film but larger size than normal, msg me pls!
Ugh working from home is no fun bc the day never ends  still working ...
or they were just speaking to my friend loudly right next to me. not even a 'hi' for me 
I am noticeably annoyed that gmail has decided to stop remembering my &quot;always show images from...&quot; settings. 
Bittersweet to the max in 1 1/2 days 
No emails I wrote today got delivered and I thought people were just rude for not responding.  Glad it was a quiet day with just 27 sent.
Up for another day of... joy of joys, studying. 
I hate school so much  and i hate the wind even more :l
@annTRS Jack was being weird, like not cheerful really. I took a picture with Jack and Alex and they both were like frowning. 
@CarleyLoveHeart bitch so jealous. Want to see u before u go not enough time, never enough time 
Dane Cook special was INCREDIBLE. Love the new adult theme Dane. It's a comedic coming of age. Upset that Comedy Central censored so much 
Ariahna is talkin in her sleep. 'mom, ive been watchin scary movies and i didnt even cry' oh my sweet lil baby. One day she wont need me. 
@annTRS I hope so but it kinda sucked for me.  The m&amp;g was semi-awkward. The only one that really seemed happy was Alex. Haha.
Screening some films for a film festival preview I'm writing soon...fun! 
@twilightfairy nah have not heard about it ... what does it do ? do i need to do a goog search to know more 
after 30 mins. of my pizza in the oven, i realized the oven wasn't even on and on top of that my pizza got burnt  FAIL
Wow not being able to fall asleep is going to feel awesome in two hours when my alarM goes off 
@scene_slut  damn babe thats harsh 
the summer seems to have started...humid night and a sticky morning. unfortunately,  NO air-conditioning at school &amp; a french test today 
Long weekend. Not at all eager to finish packing. Finally hitting me that I'm moving. =[ Going to miss SO many people, so much.  &lt;/3
T-minus 2 weeks to Nashville...So happy, so sad...So nervous, so ok...So ready to go, but so wishing I could takes a few people with me.. 
i am annoyed because i have shit loads of songs to download but limewire etc cant seem to work w the laptop. anyoneeeeee? 
Remember ..... Hold on to all the moments and save them as memories and Laugh often and Enjoy Life ... Because all to soon it can be gone 
Back from camp. And I can't say I like being back home from such on experience. Camp was awesome, wish it lasted longer. 
i am annoyed because i have shit loads of songs to download but limewire etc cant seem to work w the laptop 
housewarmings are awesome! cleaning up the next day however...uncool 
Omg I forgot how much I hate being in a hospital   Got here to early so I have to sit around  not fun
Missing Joe, he's in WI for his grandma's funeral, Goddess rest her soul.  I'm gonna go get peaceful sleep tho for once, lol. Peace
Just ate my last two peppermint Rolaids .. and realized that I really enjoy them and am sort of sad that they're all gone 
@Xenooo @joyce4david @feeshda i left david's orange juice yday in our hotel room. dang it 
@lesanto No way! I'm incredibly surprised to hear that! I never met a hostile Aussie - that's very surprising and saddening 
Sometimes things of greater cause &amp; meaning can interfere with even the most pre- destined of loves. 
@rawrgrrrmeow i was so excited i was going to throw up but now i'm so sad so so sad like a clown or something 
@xthemusic Noooooooooo!  Now I'm even sadder.
It's a sunny monday... and I have to work! 
@siseleanor Morning. how ru? hope u have a good day. wet n miserable here 
@backseatsurfer9 Fantastic. 
its hot, im frustrated, i just want get away, sigh. 
@mosapp shit my drive to Concord is not fun either 
I am finishing up a 10 hour work day... on a Sunday.  I'm happy to be working at all, but man... I feel like I'm missing LYFE.
@JustA_Girl No, no there isn't.  It'll be another year before that comes out. But the collected short stories are coming out in October!
@timlovejoy you're quiet lately 
@gr8conf Are the talks getting recorded for those of us unfortunate enough to miss the event?  #gr8conf
has moved. Happy #Monday I have no net access after 5pm  sad day
Less joy now.  Sound stutters badly on my hackintosh and my &quot;bug-report&quot; on the forum just gets ignored.    Time to switch to Ubuntu?
@gemma_kiely what's so awesome about primary? I had a free coffee fr there once &amp; it was kinda crap. I am leaving uni NOW. 
in honour of @joy_inc I have made a 'to do' list, I am gonna miss you loads today 
@muppetmasteruk Oh goody. That sounds enjoyable  - I'll do what mum tells me all the time - &quot;Drink plenty&quot;.
Saw a dead kitten, crushed under a vehicle probably, near the Fuel Supplies Maldives petrol station  Looked adorable even in death.
&quot;anyone wanna follow me out tonight? very very  depressed and lonely 
for some reason my save as function in #firefox is broke... i just get a beachball  stupid firefox
Paper Towns is MADE OF AWESOME! *heart*s to @realjohngreen. ditched art today and went to sick bay with Rach. Missed linocuts 
happy i got the day off tomorrow woot but lots of errands 
so jealous. She is so pretty.   sigh.
it's not fair that I keep my silence but you can blame me for my flaws...Giving me the silent treatment even...   
Didn't help going 2 the batting cages after huh? My dumbass :-/ In all, I had a fun &quot;Me Time&quot;. Wish I had someone 2 share with me though 
@smartfemme ya I couldn't see it! I saw the highlights tho, awesome! As I said, no station aired it  Go Federer!
Good morning, whatever Tristan has I got.... refunding my supper in the middle of the night was so much fun!!!!!!!!  
@MeganAppleseed we had a kick ass art fair last week end and i missed it.. 
monday morning  not even sunshine
@tearn very sunny. always sunny. but it's winter so it's cold 
Cleaning up floods at 4am in your house is not fun 
@Axelsrose OOC I enjoy English when it's not essay-writing, which is why I still have to do one course of it 
@helenaanneh  i cannot thankyou enough for everything you have helped me through @ddlovato needs to know how incredible you are i love you
Videos will have to wait until tomorrow...they uploaded all funky for some reason  I'll try again tomorrow. Ciao Twitterbugs!
The train went straight past Hildenborough station this morning. Poor hildenborough people with there dejected faces  HAH!!!
must desperately do some work. CS will not roll itself out across the business 
I don't know what  would do without @kylekore. He's a good friend who can pull off tight pants better than most girls. Jealous 
Feeling rather disheartened today 
@CheetahsOnBikes thats....nice.. *depressed face* my aunt and uncle are here... its very akward.. they like to describe emily as &quot;poncy&quot; 
Oh crap, just opened the curtains and realised there's bott all fine about it!!  Sheesh why can't I live somewhere sunny??? 
Want your dreams and nightmares analyzed? follow @jackimari and ask.  She is amazing and insightful. I just twittered her my nightmare.  
I'm jealous of everyone who got to watch @davidarchie and david cook's concert!!! 
@Rilgon I'm so jealous, I can't run at max settings anymore 
I'm cold, I packed all my jackets, even my blazer (I didn't wanna accidentally ruin it). I wish the bus would get here. Dammit Pittsburgh 
@unwritten_99 sydney is all ages  have fun momo
Feelin rough  paolo nutini was amazing!
I'm in my free, since an hour, gtg in 5' but I'm dead bored. Biology next.. FUN. MILEY PLEASE DIRECT MESSAGE ME, I CAN'T MESSAGE YOU!  x
@jennaynayy I'm glad you like it, no one else thinks it's cool 
morning tweeties happy monday  having a nice quiet day before work
@audreyjane16 That is HONESTLY AMAZING. I'm craving for change.  Hope you get your wish best friend!
:-O i cant even get ma ebooks!!! first bebo and now this  college truley is the workst :-| hopefully get this job an then im outta here 
@fdaallday damn i'm jealous shok ! been looking forward to it for over a year...doesn't open in vegas till next week 
@ddlovato =O why do u say that ?? u'r such an amazing person, never doubt it !  
argh! why is it so windy?? really frustrated right now.  my hairrr 
@timknip apparently the debug player implements System.gc() so you can do it for testing, but even there still takes time to kick off 
Breakfast, then revision! Sound be fun! 
@iamsemmi @Fiskmat  Good morning Ladies its a lovely day enjoy it  Huggs such a long time since I've been slimed btw Malin 
At home, really need to shower and do laundry. Unfortunately, they're working on the sewer this morning. That's really bad timing 
morning all! its grey and miserable and VERY windy in Birmingham ... and I suspect the heavens are about to open shortly too 
@dannyo_O ew. how does that even happen? and i totally want to learn that whistle too 
@sugarwife omg,why do I always miss these exciting events!? 
@bomchikawahwah No I haven't, unfortunately. And while I study I won't be able to travel much. 
@AllenSeol do you live in CA?? oh my god! i'm pretty  jealous i wish i was there   i wanna live in CA!!!!!!
@wellheeledblog so jealous, i never got to feel an EQ when I lived in SoCal.    these things always happen after i leave a state!
I've been playing a game on my daughter's NDS until the battery ran out at 4:30am. &quot;Pok'mon Diamond&quot; even.  Doctor, am I losing it?
@and1001  i aint even trying to shout lol x x x x i dont even sound husky sexy , @faulko1 says more orville /  ashley from corrie    x x x
@StefaanLesage I have a heavily modded Amiga 1200 on a dustfree bag on a shelf. It'd work, but you'd never find a mouse / joystick for it 
And you must come back !!!! You have to !!  we have too many things to do ! Fun! Fun! Fun (: just don't forget about me !!!! ? ifly
@jakecarmody hahah yep its courtney curtis that creeper  hahahahha some funny joke between us you wouldnt understand haha loveu xx
I am so, so happy to be back at work.  A SAHM I am not.  Especially coz I only do it via illness 
Did not enjoy work at all today! 
is not happy is raining again! 
@violentservant iccck those are not fun. 
Is in Business Studies with Lindsey Ohh joy ive got her with mee 
@n3rin3 @Rubyletters Wife is in with windows and totally not for Ubuntu unfortunately 
Hmm, an unfortunate tooth incident - a broken molar - very painful 
gonna head off cant find emma  much love to all youu fellas reading and keeping up with my GAY fuckking awesome life and yes i own it x
Why has VPower gone really expensive? It used to be half way between unleaded &amp; diesel, but now it's even more expensive than diesel 
k im starting to get annoyed with my laptop I tink its ill  its like 5 months old 
is at dancing. im unwillingly watching people who don't want to be watched. fun fun times.... 
@AnthonyTheMason I get jealous of guys who bulk up-sounds like the fun part of a regime. Bulking up is NEVER on the cards with me 
i wrote on my fb, if anyone had any crushes on me, to just speak up, and everyone made fun of me 
Thx to my wife have day off. She lock keys inside house. Brilliant. 
@jazmine_kay hmmm might put up bettrpic ofme when i fix my camera  too many kodak moments/happy snaps! We should catch up sometime! XDDDD
i'm sooo glad that this week is a short one. still exhausted all the time. 
yahoo! cena got revenge against the big show! too bad for jeff...                   
@kirkmartin - damn, didnt realise everyone was goin' for chinese! Not as much fun as a veggie tho 
Oh come on..I know its sunny and whatever, but who the hell wears pink trainers, green dress and a burgandy hat...not impressed at all 
Missing desperate housewives  but happy birthday to my sister! 20! She's old now haha
@doomydoom  Good grief. I'm glad at least that you're okay for now.
@SallytheShizzle woooo!! omg are you serious??? why what's wrong with it  it's sexy Camp Rock clothing haha ... that's right it's AWESOME!
i want this flu to take a long walk off a short pier  miserable thing
@fueledbyryan @BigRedinTejas @joeruiz @CalamityJen @juaners80 I've been advised not to comment on topics related to Mr. Grant. sorry 
@species5618 I know   Forgot to take it off charge yesterday.  Disaster, can't Tweet in the evening!
@mystarseed It seems to be. It does it to me fairly consistently, and it's somewhat bothersome 
god my arms are still aching from the trip  i had fun though. great watercamp.
@Chipmunkartist good luck wiv ur exam hun ur gonna do amazing i follwed the fake u i feel well bad sorry  love from sophie xxx
So frustrated. It's 2:38 am and I've been battling a terrible headache since 6 pm. 6 xtra Advil &amp; now 1 Aleve. Please work. It hurts 
Two weeks away, back at work to 1590 unread emails  BTW - Koh Samui, go there, fantastic place
@dvx_uk I can't deny my crush on @mileycyrus. She's incredible 
@Devangel74 Anyone with half a brain knows you would never hurt anyone intentionally. Unfortunately, it's part of life 
Boo hoo, rain wind and poor visibilty this morning (and that's just in the shower!) it's even worse outside 
@jo_whit Unfortunately it does. 
@mangosmiles My tutor was being a snotty, vague, bitter, unhelpful sod. 
finished watching Desperate Housewives (really LATE at night) and realized that Tony's clothes aren't even DRY!! Up LATER than normal! 
@princessdeleon I don't even know. Shes just being weird. Not the best start to the summer. Shes not the talking type either. 
@englishmum couldn't take any foodie pictures, would have been looked at funny by other guests I think  lots of other photos and vids tho
@bobbyllew I really enjoyed latin, did Olevel as an after school club! mea culpa 
My hometown of Obando is celebrating it's 2nd of its 3 day  fiesta. Now I'm homesick! 
Went to see Asteroids Galaxy Tour on friday, they did a brilliant version of Marvin Gaye's Inner City Blues. Original does not compare 
Is not to happy. Paused Pearl Harbor to do things..started watching it..then my cable decided to have a stupid check..lost PH. 
@boomdelirium Yeah I heard about Terminator getting canceled.  Such a pity, I didn't even get to see much but it looked really good!
this makes me so angry =&gt; http://bit.ly/SgVXf   dumbarse truckie, poor animals 
at school right now, class is fun !! but I'm tired 
Wish backpack (@37signals) would stop reordering page content for no apparent reason 
@tommcfly that's not fair for you! everytime you come to brazil is cold here! 
I am not sure of how or what I am supposed to feel. Feeling detached with myself again  Is there any cure? hhhh.....
@1Dee2 At the moment it's bright and sunny in Colchester, but I think it may be about to turn 
Tell me why, I don't like mondays...? Woke up with dizziness and a headache...and NO.... I didn't drink nothing with % last evening! 
Sleep is proving a touch elusive for me.  Not fun.  
@princeofthebomb haha i didn't even want to continue with everything else i missed out / f'ed up. @trustkills tell me about it 
I was playing with my dog Angel at the tower when someone made fun of me for being Half-Elf. I hate racist people 
@ljnada awww poor thing, you gotta hate assignments  sooo glad i dont do that anymore
@Joystaa the batter wouldve tasted good. Its chocolate  im trying to buy takeaway right now wait so long
@fallenstar_ :O You got your dvd? I'm so annoyed that I didn't preorder it. I still have AGES to wait 
Ok net is still being lesbian  Just got home from after school rehearsals. Fun fun fun. Behold I am the Great Maxim  x
gossip girl time in the evening- but without M. and S. 
Not happy with India's general election result 
7 hrs of kayaking = 7 hrs of sun = extremely uneven/painful  sunburn 
should i stay with a guy who hasnt even got enough money for petrol..or find someone that is a grown up 
aw crap. no drama in the blender. most disappointing. tastes a bit funny tho... won't be doing that again 
@rickypl1978 aaaw can I come with u  LOL it was my dad who always done my hair my mum was hopeless! No kids 3year old goddaughter
has to make my thesis presentable by the end of the day ... whilst everyone is enjoying themselves at the CALRG 30th Anniversary  ... 
@dafwyn but what if Miles was right? They created the Incident? Glad/sad to hear you threatening them with the Shark - I felt betrayed 
@CyanideLacedTea OMG, me too. I don't even know what my essay was about. And I didn't even get to finish the creative writing bit  Oh well
Finally done with my paper. Now for 2.5 hours of sleep!  Related: Is it bad that I'm ready for the weekend only 2 hours into the week? 
Another day of the same old shit  but badgers tonight should at least be fun
@gfalcone601 how AMAZING was Lost last night!!? i cried at the end  xx
Morning. Damn, no wonder my cats didn't let me sleep peacefully. Yay for EPD on Celtics game, Nay for TSCC officially canceling   Waaaaah!
@ashalinggg Silverstein are awesome canadians too! YEO! here, ragin' that AOF are doing 3 nights in London much?! I know I am 
DS9 is not nearly as awesome as it was when I was twelve.  
 Miserable day today. Dont ask. Story might not be finished :\
Doing the going dark thing for a bit' Should be feeling awesome, but I'm not' 
@Wilymon Boo Denver and people from surrounding areas  -- &quot;I eat so many lemons because I am so bitter...&quot;
*sigh*  woke up at 3:00, house was way too hot, can't get back to sleep now....not fun. 
Hungry  Dad's yelling at me to sleep, says I stay up habitually. Yeh &amp; Mr. Crazy w/ his all-nighters gets no criticism! Waking up soon :X
Miserable day again, looks like I have got to do some painting 
@thatnatgirl gonna have to take a rainsheck for tonight unfortunately   i really shouldn't push myself too hard atm...
@patrimal sorry Patrick, would l0ve to come! Unfortunately I can't attend  @ yr inno day today 
It is always so wonderful to wake up at 5AM to cats having a claws-out scuffle literally on your HEAD. I now have a scratched neck 
@_SugaRush Anything to make ygou happy Zeebie. Oh...new ABM episode due today! Don't tell me anything coz I can't watch till after 4pm 
didn't even do all my hw  slackinggggg mimi
Is havin a cuppa T n hatin the thought of work@12...  But lovin that its 20days till 21st Birthday Fun!!!
omgsh 34 is too hot. not too humid tho. photography exhibit: awesome! seeing kat off: less awesome 
@mandiiurie Add alcohol to that and you've got my dad. I hate the yelling. Unfortunately i somewhat have his temper though 
I've lost my voice   I guess some people will be happy about that !
@dane You are making me jealous! 
@queenofsheba1 Really?! That sounds sooo fucking cool. I want one even more now so I can take it shopping with me 
@elleLOVESgreys I'm so freaking Jealous!!!!! 
works on my nerves when i cant find even 1 song to listen to on 12 dif radio stations 
@Wossy omg snap as your kids, i have exams too, oh joy  good luck to them!
@OweeW yes,, we have to act out a scene tomorrow in english.. not happy 
@ngairep they don't lvoe me ngaire....its unfair   fecking norway, with his Fairytale
Checked out Adium's new IRC support. Unfortunately it doesn't seem to work. 
Today &amp; tomorrow is the Google Zeitgeist event being held not that far away from us at the Grove Hotel, Hertfordshire. No invites though 
desperately craving a choco chip muffin...can't wait! damn the waistline 
I am deeply upset.  nothing can describe how i feel ...
aren't very interesting to follow at the moment - too miserable 
Well off to a meeting,have a killer of a sore throat and would be quite happy to stay home and watch Masterchef and Sea Patrol 
@sarcastica  nope!  But I'm on my way to work 
Found out the downside of working for yourself, if you have commitments you have to go even if you are ill 
@xCraziiChiicax are you ok hun? you seem upset.  i'll probably talk to you tomorow. i hope your doing ok!! :]
@Ms_GuardedHeart I see your face on my page, fun times. How's the study going these days? I don't like the rain 
today was too long, the weekend went too fast, and im too annoyed about stuff to twitter anything half decent..  gonna get me a cup'a tea!
@fikabayasut he doesn't even neither kayaknya fik. idk i can't read his mind  i need a psychic
overeating has become the part of my life.i have gained weight again  i'd've maintained atleat till the function
watched angels and demons just now. was good, but somehow even w/o reading the book, i kinda guessed the ending and the villians... 
@seannyfunco I hear you. Unfortunately the finance is provided by a third party and they only offer it to UK customers. Sorry! 
Summer exploded in Italy. People go to the beach. In Dublin the weather is miserable  I'm not homesick, but I sometimes I really wonder
@Audio_Rush Just finished browsing at her content = 
Supernatural, Desperate Housewives, Grey's Anatomy, House and CSI. Now just have to wait 'till october for new episodes! 
@ABCDawg 5 hours of gaming?? my god its been since march that i've sat and enjoyed a good gaming session 
@HOLD_ON_WHAA i know  im so upset. thanks for the gorgeous pic bb!
Wolfram goes live http://bit.ly/JKnZv - but I keep getting timeout errors  Sure it'll be worth the wait...eventually...
Soooooo horrible nightmares of shootings at Arbys that jerk me out of sleep at 5 in the morning are NO FUN!  
although grateful for a his new Mac, would rather spend Monday  doing anything other than ironing out kinks and fiddling with settings 
Back at uni. shopping with the girls today. They call it retail therapy right? Room is bare now  Content
@iampriteshdesai I'm sorry. Mama's also had that happen. I suck at math the most though, cause I don't even have fingers to count. 
Awake at five am is no fun... Especially when you went to bed at midnight and you don't need to be awake until seven thirty.   
back in Milan... and unfortunately i discovered I don't like trains either 
@Onerva i'm so jealous of the JoBros stuff! 
@MorganArielBB like 7:30 till 4:00. I always fun at the movies with you  p.s I have 32 now
Had my facebook fun for now. Time to crack on with a little work I think. 
and wife-to-be spent Sunday evening in casualty following mother-in-law-to-be breaking her ankle. Oh the timing, the timing... 
@Sianz   hope not as rough as the one I saw at the side of the road last week!  It was MASSIVE but unfortunately very dead 
@theother66 there are a lot in Adelaide that have the handbrake on - it upsets me at times 
@OfficialBF1943 I thought, wow awesome camera skills but a little bit short 
@Tw1sty unfortunately no one listens to or writes good breakbeat stuff these days, so might have to really change some stuff DJ wise 
@ladonnaelza no pics. Yes I know I'm sry. What were we thinking?! I didntveven take my camera 
@frozen85 Unfortunately not, most of the sources they are citing are youtube clips 
Frustrated right now, mainly cuz I'm an idiot. I do things which cause problems. Hmm, suppose to see FOTC live Monday:chances look slim 
And a funeral to bury another old friend tomorrow...it sure is one hell of a sad week 
im gonna do another twitpic... how fun 
Ewwww! Haribo Liquerice Allsorts are totally fake - consume them at your own peril. Even the torpedo casing is wrong 
http://bit.ly/xemrx  I never even got to visit ....  LOL
nice typical english weather  fun!!
is missing an old friend who refuses to talk to her.He wants to be left alone,but I don't feel like it  I m miserable !
@KurtTracy not so good. just found out an amazing friend died thursday morning. 
@belle_lulu Sadly I do think it's going to #rain here after bright and sunny start... worried my hair will run 
if i had a steady good paid job. my life would be so complete im comfortable and happy. and everything is falling into place. cept school 
@Posh_Totty No he was my friends, this was a long time ago and he is now no more  My horse is a bit more steady on his feet
has had wonderful sunday but now reality is getting be much more depressing... So hurry on to learn! 
My cab far was 7aed. Gave driver ten - so he cud keep 3 as tip. He was so happy but makes me sad. What does some people earn here? 
I think I just lost you.  I'm sorry. I couldn't handle it.  It was fun while it lasted.
@XThe_Happy_EmoX awe...  i.d be sad if you bear-napped him...
@Fairywispa I've just checked on the internet and the house I liked is now &quot;let pending&quot;  Obviously it was not meant to be....
@phammond I pretty like George, who's simple, brave and kind of honest. I always like happy ending. 
Boarded my flight to Detroit. Pray 4 warm weather they had a freeze warning last night. Happy Monday to me! 
@parisba Aww you never let me have any fun 
im trying to write about how amazing and competent i am-its proving challenging!  
Or, I could even fix HTML/CSS borks and make sure that their website is always up to date and lookin' nice!  I just want a job.
Been coding all weekend. Am wrecked even before the week has started 
@anachan It's not even bad enough to be funny 
@Lozza_81 That movie looks awesome. You seen Boy in Striped PJs. Aww so sad. 
@PattiB0i r ya all good patty? umhappy tweets coming from u! 
Too much tasks that don't have anything to with my function description  Am I glad I have vacation soon.. =_=
@XEricaaaaa hahaa have fun!! Somehow I don't think couches like me very much  I have now fallen off one and got stuck down the side!!
@moogc Aye not bad, wanted to see ST on Fri but it was booked up  Goin when we're in Leeds next w/e instead. Got v. drunk on Sat, was fun.
.@driahades Been trying to post an ad on Freecycle Perth for 2 weeks now. Moderated group and for some reason they're ignoring me 
@nozbe integrated time tracking would be an awesome feature for Nozbe. Now syncing project with google docs spreadsheet. 
Maths paper in 2 hours! What fun 
Translation: Ahh! most of the music on my iPod i don't recognise! I have to get up early to finish my history  not happy
I'v cleaned out my wardrobe 2day, well thats depressed me anyhow, either it doesn't fit or its 2 big  I come down n the 2 males go up 
@edugame No notable events for me either 
@amazingphoebe saturday DD: it was scary! 
Got excited about a letter from Yummy Jobs only to discover it was an advert for taxback.com 
is so ridiculously happy, she just wants to dance about and sing... Maths exam? Oh yes... I forgot 
@Caroleharry Unfortunately my histories aren't in the public domain...yet! I hope to have them on a website soon but sadly not at the mo 
@surfygurlx oh dani im so proud!i will stalk you another time though, im on my mobile 
@JeremyCShipp It was funtastic until the man in the long black cloak took them away 
Human Rights and Medical Law. Joy is thee. 
Still unhappy at my lack Of Guitar String, I really wanna play,..  Oh well hopefully someone exciting will come on MSN 
@benny_bennett Seekers? I like the sound of that.  I would like to think I am happy, the world frustrates me so often though. 
Poor Mr Steven from Basil Brush Show. Reduced to doing Burger King and lottory scratch card adverts 
@DerrenLitten don't you even get a cushion?! Those chairs don't look very comfy 
Boss says, &quot;shit happens&quot; even in Andhra ( Maoists ). But the cause was big he says. But did #Srilanka #Tamil peopel had voting rights? 
Lost season finale was amazing! As if there's no more Lost for a year though 
And no ... I'm not jealous .. Have you seen the person in question ? Yuk! 
was happy in the haze... etc 
Full of cold, not a happy bunny. 
@JeremyCShipp Me ask guy in funny tractor when they fix it.  He look at me weird then shake head and close door and leave. 
dont want to turn 16  abit unhappy right now..
@NYBabe loooooved the blog, what a dipshit, how do you find them!! Lunch and sun were lovely, sorry not so sunny there 
Last FOTC has left me somewhat unfulfilled  Jono's show was quality, top shelf (to tell  you the truth/as you do - give 110%)
The Lost Finale... one bit made me so happy, another bit made me tearful 
What a gloomy day    Cricket is on though so may be able to watch an England Victory in between the odd bit of work...
HOMEWORK how unfun 
@Sharanya well, no matter how awesome it may be.. hotel food is a bore from the 3rd time onwards! 
so tired . school was alrights but it went by pretty quick . tennis was fun  gotta study for exams 
My phone is fixed !!!! But I can only get it in like two weeks when we go home  But still, it's my baby even though I kind of hate it..
Is feeling totally gloomy, bloody work, bloody numpty's at work  I need a holiday
Everyone enjoy LondonSEO later http://londonseo.org/ I Can't make again 
It's not fair that the other 2 dogs go for a walk every morning and I don't. Mum says she can't manage 3 dogs 
it is 5:04 am, in Marshalltown Iowa... school is in 2 1/2 hours FUN!!..not, I wish it were summerrr 
@vanessaveasley Was it fun?. I wish i couldve came.. 
@aardmanonline - lamenting the fact that I didn't win free tickets to the W&amp;G beer evening on wednesday by Timeout 
Maths exam in a bit  I hope my brain is functioning today...
@3LL3N nothing. i just wrote it, cos i was hoping someone would be like &quot;oh you excited about.....&quot; but no   nothing
3 hour critical thinking exam today   suck, I don't know anything either, tbh I'm not sure I care too much
I'm so freakin frustrated about something I shouldn't even have to feel frustrated about. Not fair. I need a shower. 
slipped on the wet grassy hill at netball trying to return the balls we had stolen everyone laughed. i feel sad  meant to be a bit of fun
Headin out to work in 5 minutes, oh the joys.  
@oohafezah but it's not so happy for you 
The wknd is over?!  Happy Monday to you!! &quot;A day without a laugh is a wasted day&quot; &lt;----yup! ;)
@HenryTart hey im fine just chillin frm work atm.oh the joys lol.bk out soon tho  cant wait til wknd tho lol!
@JasonBradbury Good luck, have fun... I'm off to the job centre  
Glad I remembered my Intuos2 tablet has a serial connection instead of a USB before digging it out of storage. My laptop doesn't. 
@Posh_Totty NOT FAIR! 
@disneyshawn Enjoyed the updates on Typhoon Lagoon. We've yet to do the Water Parks, never seems to be enough time 
@ro05t3r Great I got eyeballed into this' quit have fun on my expense, didn't see that coming 
@Kailei its so weird! i am happy bout stuff but bummed for other stuff, mainly your nose 
Another day of revising  Fun Fun .
I really miss my eleven am habit 
@Joysie2286 Dont think Rob was there 
Is too tired to function..school 
@_MASTERMIND_ UGH! I forgot today was the anniversery of Ian's death  now Im depressed.
@ro05t3r Great I got eyeballed into this' quit have fun at my expense, didn't see that coming 
Watched something awesome on TV last night, had some awesome filmography in it. Was sad though  I might see if it's on 4OD...
@TaraTazo Nah unfortunately. I would but I'm going to the city.  Film it for me? &lt;3
i'm so sick to my stomach  working on two hours of sleep. i wanna go home already and i'm not even at school yet.
Awesome last minute drama at Indy 500 bump day! Andretti, Hunter-Reay are in. Tagliani is crushed  #nascar #Indycar #Indy
@aardmanonline - lamenting the fact that I didn't win free tickets to the W&amp;G  evening on wednesday by Timeout 
I (or my toddler) apparently lost the A/C adapter to my 8-yr-old notebook. Enjoyed using that machine as my dinky Linux test computer. 
@enjoyingjoy thx for the link, not very encouraging 
@Littledoff can't seem to send dir msg  Show was fun, Marc was fab, roll on Nov! Would love to see pics, will you post on your website?
@HollyYM Oh crap yeah how do we even do that?! O dear  might start that today thanks for reminding me! x
@Keywood yeah but they look scarier and are just mean... I think they actually enjoy terrorising people.. Bees die when they sting 
@PinkOliveFamily Jealous! Long-standing love affair with Boston. Shame the city is in mourning following recent sports events 
@agnessaulina i don't even know your bb pin!  add meeee
is criticaly ill.....never drinking again 
@thegreenfamilia  Not a happy evening then. Hope all is better in the cold light of day
Staring at a BlackBerry Pearl makes me wanna wish my phone back. Now I'm just depressed. 
looking at some photo's of my Dubai's holiday!!! Enjoy it heaps I want to visit again Missing ztiwokah  heaps 
Weekends are never long enough. School until eleven then off to Mew Jersey for Beth's graduation. SENIORS LAST WEEK!  
@funkyfabrix mum, my arm is hurting. like the whole thing is aching. im dying 
I'm annoyed - its really windy and I'm stuck in London working 
@DJShinobiShaw yeah it took u ages to get there  when we got there she fell asleep even
Wow it sounds like the cruise was a-fuckin'-mazing. Glad for all that was there. I'm gonna get ready for work. 
is not a happy chappy cos the love of her life may ave to go on exercise 2day which means i wont c him 4 a wk 
understands that the guys needed celebrating yesterday, but still expected a couple to turn up for kit move!!! 
thirdly...i cant say but it was so bitter..til now i cant forget  Help!
Is not happy with the weather  I'm off to the museum later with my Boy to soak up some culture. Apparently the Magna Carter is on display
Could have slept better last night. Today is going to be a rough day...viewing 4-8 and funeral tomorrow 
doin wrk i dnt even knw wat 2 doso dead wen da dead line hits man gona kill me.get ready naz..oh and pcd big mistake leaving na man 
@hartluck yeahhhhhhhh..soooo excited to have you both here!!!! Cant wait for the P!NK concerts..wish i was seeing you as well though   XX
mom's jaw still hurting.. can't even open her mouth by an inch! poor mommy.. 
Still not feeling right, sleeping like a bear in hibernation. Lethargic when I wake up too and no interest in anything, not even food 
is watching LPEP 2k9. Harby's the awesome-st freshman ever! I miss the dancing scene.   http://plurk.com/p/uj6fr
@joweyroden  Missing out on the good times. Maybe I will twitter later on my own at uni and it'll be awesome and you will be jealous.
Please make sure #moanmondays are @AngryBritain to make sure I see them - there's a few slipping through! 
Shower time, phwoahhh today has sucked amazingly bad. And argh just 
Sat in work on a miserable monday morning, but wish i was in bed!!!! 
is excited about the new graduation venue..Chaifetz Arena..sooo much nicer than Queeney...one week left seniors 
Everything around is so so gloomy.. 
Bein attacked by arthur with my own pen! In the boob!  arthur is enjoyin it
@Frostae i watched it yesterday. it is so good ae. the ending is unfair and sad though 
@school...  May Happy Bday!!! i hate this day! 1058 DAYS THAT GILAD ISN'T HOME!!! GILAD IS STILL ALIVE!!!
@Young_Harlem Lol! Sorry. I am lazy plus I'm iron deficient so that makes me even more lazy. I'm so sleepy  I hope you get some rest.
@leanne_x Critical Thinking! Its the worst ever 
@P0150N0U5F15H Haha... nah! its not even my tank, it's my brothers but  he doesn't clean it properly! so I do it 
the Pokemon items &quot;wide lens&quot; &amp; zoom lens&quot; make me happy  *photography geek*
After having friday off of work to go to hospital you'd think just one person at work would ask how it went, very upset and near to tears 
Heading down the doomsville land tomorrow after I tell about my chinese and math results, no more freedom, funeral not prepared 
Had left coffee milk (for tea) on the window sill over the WE because temps were low last week. WE was hot and sunny, now milk is sour 
really want to go home now  13 hour days are not fun
Trying this again .. Ugh im not having a good night ..  .. But im so happy were safe and that my hope is home! I really missed her
@stevienixed It's totally fucking true.  I'm a mad fucking cat lady without the cats. Not even together enough to keep cats.
Ugh it's a Monday;   I miss him; but I love him even more;  I pray he realizes;
another step to be happy, huhuhu, lama2 bisa bangkrut! 
Im headed to bed... I feel so dejected... I know she said that we would be outta contact until friday, but i miss my lady... 
is praying that Dex will get to sleep soon - keeps waking &amp; coughing, then getting REALLY upset  Might be a loooong night
producer @nateb007 accused me in a tweet of becoming antisocial; unfortunately, due to increasing workload, no time to be my social self 
Really frustraring that Amazon doesn't let you buy kindle Content On iphone app if outside the US 
BBC Radio Cambridge 9pm tonight! Check our myspace this evening to see how to tune in! Miserable day today  We're in Kerrang too!
grr housework on hold even longer now. my 9 yr old has just been sent home from school.really unwell 
@ashumittal You always have amazingly colorful and uplifting photos .. great way to start a chilly Monday!  We had FROST last night 
Master Clense &amp; Fast begins today (4 real this time!) I'm excited, but still sleepy &amp; can't get outta bed 
@DJKENTARO jealous!! I want a new one... 
Jaren is up bright &amp; early, guess it's time to start the day, praying this pain in my shoulder goes away, I cant even breathe 
this monday is kinda low. Looking forward to get home an chill already. But it's not even 13h... 
@ViePurple Fairly busy but not too bad! I'm tired though, didn't sleep well last night 
@MyDogAteLA That is SOO not true. I enjoy t=chatting with you. 
@glowsociety i didnt make it to the event  whats this video you got me watching now lol
The joy of being randomly unfriended by some one you thought you were close to 
very upset that i cant find gary barlow on twitter &amp; this tweetdeck is keeping me away from the books 
School  waiting for band to start...Eh, fun fun. I love you Linzi Caie&lt;333333
Yawn! Baked beans on toast for dinner, long days at work call for desperate measures. I had yummy asparagus tagliatelle lined up too 
little smokey noreful to help calm my nerves still going to be late 
@moosh_boint WIN?! I DON'T EVEN WANT TO GO 
@RealHughJackman summer plans? we r heading into winter down under  time with the family nothing better, enjoy!
Tryin to work out how the fuck im going to survive 3 months without me car!  seriously not happy! piece of shit Fiat!!!
is tooooooooo cold, it's not fairr 
4 AM. i wish i didnt have work tmrw. i cannot sleep, even if my life depended on it. 
@PenguinBooksAus Wonderful news. Did you decide against tweeting gossip?  Go Tim!
has too many clothes but it dosen't count if half of them don't fit  not even mentioning the shoes... imelda
wish life could be one happy family.. but it never is     is in love with hello by take that 6th time in a row now lol
howdy... incredibly happy despite lack of sleep! Essay extension= good! multimedia performance to finish for wednesday = bad 
Clare is sleepy  work was fun though 
LUNCH TIME!! Yahay!!! Ok calming down now! More work after :|  I can't escape it!! 
@DonnieWahlberg Happy hearing you have had fun, sad cause I'm in Spain... 
or merrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr even, mrrrrrrr sounds more like I'm purring. mind you merrrrrrrr isn't acurate either.  urgh.[
I'm frustrated, know that a-ha are in Berlin and i have to go to work 
hungry  but excited about world duty free staff sale 2day DDDD
monday morning are awaste of time - @ work trying to orgamise this evenings 5 a side and struggling to get players due to the weather 
Happy monday everybody! (sorry, I have to convince myself that mondays are not such bad) - Eso no me lo creo ni yo 
@stefinraleigh Sad to hear the weirdos have found u! I've blocked 3 so far. All icky porn-ish sites. Why are they even on here??? Bleah! 
Monday, Monday - not a fun day 
Just walked home from the station in the pissin down rain an is not happy!! 
Not a happy bunny today twitter on my Blackberry won't work properly 
@candyisrad Sorry I missed your birthday fun. I was hella tired, slightly depressed, and had a head ache.  Sorry.
Revision and abismal rain don't make for a fun filled day 
@Mayoress @djmafia20 @KaytaJ @CC_mayoress I'm jealous  I bet you'll all blog your fancy fun Sat night pics too. Bitches.
@PlugWonDeLaSoul &amp; u sold out Fri - so unfortunately no!  The live band concept sounded brilliant-no doubt it was-next time eh!
Arrived late for 1st meeting which crashed into 2nd  Not good. London doesn't change, sunny today but dusty and smoky, peeps are so busy.
Upset  For the millionth time: Why the heck? Just why? 
@martinrstone  Were you aware of this? http://bit.ly/hJjfA Think winners  were biased towards technology rather than content 
Kinda wishing he had entered the @Cannes_Lions Youtube contest. Suddenly had some amazing ideas having seen the brief! 
@alexisnotfunny I can't control what Mail.app does! Especially on 3.0 Beta 5 firmware! 
@WilHarris Its a shame the new RS sold out before even hitting the show rooms  will make ace 2nd hand car in a few years though!
The tuna can just sprayed me  Now I'm gonna smell awesome! 
just think.. 6 more days 'till the greatest spectacle in racing ! xD excited ! limping to school haha my knee hurts 
@lonelythebrave that sounds pretty harsh 
@weelissa  Wish I could give you one (ooh err missus, thats what she said) but they make you return them to get a refund.  No resale!  
Work drinks tonight. Super excited. Gonna get my red bull on yet again. My new alias will be Captain Straight Edge. Better than Jew 
today is a very sad day. i don't even know how to borrow books in a library. FML. 
Happy commuting! Its Monday 
had a great celebrating yesterday! But the fun is over now, I have electric circuits and c-programming exams in about a week 
ohh joyy. schooool. why is it so cold ? 
@astynes I enjoyed reading it from Edward's point of view. Pity it got leaked before she could finish it. 
@tandcmitchell and woahhhh nelly, you are amazing! i am loving it! i have been kicked off yt; my internet got shaped, so i can't watch u 
@LoWaldorf i'm sorry just reply u now. i just read it coz i don't really understand about twitter.. haha. no it's not fun beaing alone 
@JonasAustralia That quote is amazing. I almost have up on love  Thank you.
had a lot of fun @ some grad parties this weekend but didn't get a lot of sleep.  Working, grading &amp; then crashing early tonight.-I?M.N.
@AngryBritain #moanmonday &amp; candidate for the PIT -&gt; expirian.  For holding a crap creditscore against me &amp; not telling me why 
@foodiegirlie Poor you  have you been enjoying the Masterchef series? Especially the chocolate &amp; Pork medallions lol?
I got quite excited for a minute there http://bit.ly/FpFNp  too bad it's an error 
darn it! I don't feel so good, a little bit depressed. 
At work, only cool person working but we barelyeven talk. :\ I miss mah hoes. 
from lover to hater 
WAIT, people cried watching Benjamin Button? It wasn't even sad o_O. Titanic was though  and when Gandalf the grey died (before White) ;_;
...I hate it when i dream about work. It feels like I just finished a shift when really I have not even got Monday started. Boo. 
Good Morning! its Monday   WOMP WOMP...but im eXcited for @tmello14 bday Dinner 2night! and FOOTBALL camp Tuesday! YAY!
@DavidArchie glad to have you back in the US! (although i'm sure the Philippines misses you!  aw) gas prices always go up, don't they?
Tackling my Article 82 Abuse of a dominant position revision notes now.  Oh joy.    
Way too tired to find any joy in going to work 
@apurplepatch Akmal doesn't seem to be as funny as he used to be 
@farlala work related accident.. 
I really look awfull today,like i have never looked this bad! even my mum agrees!! urgh! im a mess!! 
@IcarusWingz haha ill come man, though ill probably have to get better gear before i can even come Naxx10 dude, some heroics i imagine 
Last day house sitting it was fun  now off to work 
Not even made landfall at Pembroke Dock and already missing Ireland terribly. Very emotional parting at Mum &amp; Dad's this morning. 
Eurovision is no longer fun without the political controversy it used to have  Uni is over this Friday... :O
G'morning all.  Today I wake happy to know Mr. Handsome is home tonite, but sad to  he leaves in 10 days.  I don't think coffee will help 
Head is starting to feel a bit better thank god, still got a headache though  probably hormone related
Good morning twitterverse! Gettin ready to start a fun work week here.   Hope you are having a good day so far!!
@ro05t3r Great I got eyeballed into this' quit having fun at my expense, didn't see that coming 
@markhoppus unicorns do not exist!! i HATE UNICORNS  and im so glad u h8 thm too. tour australia please. 
Is feeling miserable 
@rossmills sadly no  it doesn't even look feline!
wishes people wouldn't put Survivor and Amazing Race updates on FB. VERY hard to avoid STATUS update! Was out of town&amp; I know who won.  
@Sahara_Kim have you tried taking a break of a couple of weeks from running to help? no fun running when feet/legs hurt 
i hate school. even though, today i'll go to school just in the afternoon 
@LilGrasshopper I miss the beach...I hope to go next weekend lol.  sad that you don't have proms  They're really fun ;)
@chloevictoriaxo Yeah I didn't know anyone then.. and I had just moved to sydney so didn't even have any friends there  haha
hates interviews &amp; the fact that even though she has worked in the store before has to go through the whole process again 
@katofawesome oh i would, but i've got enough assignments of my own im afraid. and they're much more vague 
@RadioPaulo me too! Even tho it hurts 
regretting the extra minutes in bed that prevented me from going running 
@DonnieWahlberg Uh, Donnie, I think the ones that missed out, WE know WE MISSED THE BOAT.  Glad u had a blast
What a wonderful Eurovision weekend! 5th - amazing! And prob the best contest in a long time. Ah well, all over for another year 
PLEASE MAKE ME HAPPY, ANYONE. I WANT TO SEE TORRES IN ACTION!   
My b'day soon big 30 so crazy, super excited just wish someone els could do all the cleaning and organizing....  
@Jchawes a friend of mine from Sydney Australia LOVES the show, but season 5 hasn't even aired over there yet 
A little warmer today. Sunny skies. And...I'm in school.  O well
Cat's over-grooming again. Does it around this time every year. Quite upsetting. To distract her I've put her outside against her will 
Getting ready for the first day of summer classes.....I am so excited to be going..... 
@karlmageddon God those are awesome. I wish I could do vector like that. I'm running out of ideas... 
I'm off to see a movie...I shall be walking..if it rains on me I will be very annoyed. I want sun 
i am such a loser... it wont happen Danielle...  i am the model for the one way love affair
saddest desperate housewives ep ever  but also the most irrelevant episode...hahahah
@mellicakes I'm scared now. It's Dumbo-related, isn't it? Poor little Dumbo 
Today is my fav. student's senior affirmation and I don't have voice enough to tell her how wonderful she is 
Awesome time with A. I just ruined my new screen protector; bye ten bucks. 
@cokies forgetting about someone is even worse than missing them.. that's my phobia 
@EVAxR0CKz how unfortunate  well next time do a little bit of homework beforehand, and you'll get yours! Promise ;)
@m1k3y damn I wish I was at that @minm screening  Predator is awesomeness wrapped in shazzam
@lukemarsden: enjoy dude. Im still laid up wiv man flu 
I went to bed before 7 last night and woke up at 7 this morning and I feel even more sick!  off to class in the rain
@lynbot #shitstack I didn't even get to see it  How you gonna stalk me? You're gonna come to Lady GaGa with me aren't you?!
Got a storming headache, and didn't even have any wine yesterday 
@vondaskelton Boo HOO!  Wish I WERE there!   Maybe next time!  Have a fantastic week Vonda!
Had an awesome weekend!  Now back to reality 
We have school today and im very not happy about that.  but its okay because i have a lunchable
@xttang I need the flashdrive  have fun though!!!
No Misha in tonight's ep, I'm so dev, considering not even watching 
Grease is over  last night was a good show though.. tell me about it spud haha to funny..... 3 days left of ty!!!
Today is graduation! This is the first class I graduated! My boss won't even let us attend! 
that was the hardest exam i have ever done!!! not even sure if i passed  
Pesky Dutch mosquito bit me in my right hand - all red and swollen now. And it's not even summer yet. 
@hellagood You could smack Alexander's face all you want to and he'd still be smiling in that disturbing way he does all the time... 
has a flat tire AGAIN!...not happy  D.H.
@britneyprince not jealous just sad that you don't want to be my bff 
Jealous of the people who saw the Archuleta-Cook concert here in the Philippines... 
@georgiaface poor you  i spent a delirious night in the general with the same a few years back. Not fun, look after yourself x
hmm think my phone has just broken  It's jammed..I've tried taking the sim+battery out but no joy..anyone got any tips??
How embarrassingly incompetent - car battery is flat and I don't even know how to open the bonnet 
Ah the joys of job hunting. . . .  . 
i watch Twilight, and speak my friend. i'm so f*cking sad..  my best friend is lost.... don't funny....
Back to work. What a joy. 
@DonnieWahlberg Hope you been drinkin' baby, b/c that was a little harsh for those of us on land - ouch *holds heart*  
@chw88 goood luck this afternooon... whens your last exam? they do suck huh...  just got to think of the awesomeee long summer.
had a month to enjoy the life with my parent. Going to continue my study, taking diploma. No more Animax for me!! 
Can't stop  this isn't fair, just when i think i'm done i start up again. Why cant you be the the last thing on my mind?
@fallenstar_ hahahaha yessssssss! wanna say it (but don't want to be murdered by angry tweeters) 
@Gabs1468927 yeah lol, i watch it online thoughon youtube though lol cause over here season 6 hasn't even started! 
Transcribing interviews is NOT fun especially when you find out this morn for every hour of talking it takes 6 hours to type 
@samkillip Saaaaaaam! i'm trying to start today! i'm scared for tomorrow i dont even know where my court report is  fail fail fail 
@solangeknowles im going to that! iv never seen u perform before...i dont even no where rainbow is  where do i get tickets from!?
@JEL1715 oh gosh no!  he arrived in LA, i live in chicago!  that's like 2 hours away   but i'm glad we're finally in the same country!!
@jefner its in Reading...unfortunately not a student...or we might have had exam cancellations  lol
it turns out i'm never happy with drum samples LOL  no fair
is waiting around for something that i feel like won't be happening anytime soon.  as a side note, #familyforce5 . is. amazing.
Hospital day. Not fun   I miss my friends.
rainy day and a funeral to go to 
is pretty sure Neesa was making a hairball for me as I locked the door. Not happy w/me as I blocked her escape, but hope she's okay! 
@ceruleanbreeze Not my fault! I would gladly ignore the mess in the kitchen for a few more hours! 
fun monday morning surprise: class starts tonight, not tomorrow 
@denharsh But that's only for new signups.. I don't think there are codes for renewals. 
@MeaganHatfield So the show is completely done and no happy happy at the end of it at all? 
@MsEDU awww. Not when I'm actually back.  Have a wonderful Monday.
Finally heard from a coworker who's been out for ages now  Sending happy healthy thoughts to you, Red.
the scale still hasnt moved  I soooooooo not happy about that!!!!  I'll have @michelleatc measure my leg, see if any inches are gone.
@trendyshoppes I spent the better part of yesterday trying to fix it. Now I have to bring it in.  Thankfully I have a laptop, tho.
How come my life has suddently become rush rush rush! Grrr! No fun... Oh well, back to it I guess 
I have such a case of the Mondays.    Who says that?  I do... But only because Office Space is one of the funniest movies ever made.
@AlexWT Aww I'm sorry you got fooled by that fake sharon account   Don't feel miserable about it &lt;3 &lt;3
Time to go to work!! I enjoyed my day off and hope to continue working on myself and my home.  Moving furniture   not cool
I'm covered head to toe in hives. Awesome. 
@iLanax3:  ima miss that appt. :] but you'll be homeeeee! Im so excited.
Last day in VA  It's sunny so maybe I'll get to see Maymont after all. He hyped the place up, now its time to show me dammit! LOL
@mmbopidy I'm the same  I really want this essay to be finished. Haven't even looked at my court report  big faillll!
uhm, i'm doing my math homework. no fun    and i'm totally blanking on how to write in vertex form. heh heh heh.
enjoying some sunshine this morning.....my sister goes home today 
not very happy this morning running late the hub woke up late so i got both kids ready ran out the door almost tripped on my shoes. 
@avalanchelynn and i'm talking about the neighbourhood bakeries, not even like bengawan solo-kinda of bakeries.  nobody likes custard ar?
Is so nervous about today peeps  Truly Blessed
@rascoeashley No I'm not conceided  I love everybody and want everyone to live a happy life,but  I love me first.www.Antoniolikeme.com
I apologise to non-viewers for the influx of GNW-related tweets. We were trying to get it in the trending column. Didn't happen though. 
@london2brighton It was a place called HELL! Glad we escaped as good people don't last there - says alot for the long serving staff 
longing for some ice cream - unfortunately my throat still hurts 
@xmeganh however you have been rude and unforgiving of us. Your dismissive tone has deeply dented our self esteem. 
Getting drenched on the way to uni and sitting in the library soaking wet is never fun  *shivers*
@malherring Ahhh, a nice thought! Unfortunately, not an option for me  Am in the office - teehee.
@Gemfairy24 hope your Monday is going well for you....my hand hurts  love love xxx
@CandiceRenae i know..i apologize - zebo wanted to keep it low key so i couldnt head out there...it sounded so fun...  raincheck?
On the buss going to school, I miss her so much  she isn't the same anymore even if she says she hasn't changed, I should have listened.
@MasterAwesome tvguide.com has some. I now Check is coming back! But I'm heartbroken that Guiding Light is going. 
Ok, now I'm really depressed  Never felt so old.
@heatherstewart Totaly not fair i wanna watch it but just cause i live in Canada im not aloud  damn United States only sites!!
@omgamy I know what you mean! haha my mum wrote me a note saying your always miserable ask your boss to cut your hrs lol im too scared. 
@NetwkPittsburgh I don't know - I had to bring in my veggy pots last night!  -  we have the boat in the water but too cold to enjoy 
did not sleep well   Always makes Mondays more fun
@snipeyhead Nope, unfortunately, @wlturland isn't coming with me.  We'll have to see about getting childcare one year so she can. #tek09
Working on bachelor thesis at Foam_Fotografiemuseum Amsterdam - not enjoying the sun! 
@retr0spect i tried to see telepathe but they were full up!  sads. vivian girls, banjo or freakout+bombay bicycle club were amazing!
@magnumchaos Happy Monday, huh?  
Oh boo thougth we were going to exchange today but seller not ready yet, even though she was supposedly anxious for quick sale. Grrr! 
@carnalis it's obviously not raining in your part of West Country  it's bucketing down here... mower is happy as it gets a respite!
Pumpkin has been eaten by a snail and a slug. The two offenders were stuck to the side of the pot looking smug. Most disheartened 
I am so effin ill ... I should not have to go to work when I don't even feel human. 
Good morning Twitter Folk! Happy Monday... 
It's pretty bad when the work drama starts before the work day even really begins. 
is going to need a shovel to tidy this house. I work Friday, Saturday, with Brownie event Sunday and the whole house is trashed 
@junkienet  Ouch! I sympathise hun..it is a long way from fun! 
@DonnieWahlberg thanks for driving home the fact that we missed out! We've spent all weekend disgusted and sad that we weren't there 
Hyperactivity is gradually wearing off, no-one else in office is happy and their depression wearing off on me 
eating puff pastry roll must act as a surgeon doing a risky operation:be calm and gentle.It's fragile.Mine was dropped on the floor. 
@finzzup We're talking Magellan here unfortunately. They want $90 just to update to 2009 data. No fun stuff either. 
Started my day with a cyberbullying incident. Didn't happen on school computers, but involved 2 students. Fun. 
i've decided it sucks being a designer-anyone else can find a free template&amp;simply do content on their site...I have to do everything  lol
just watched last nights the hills...was amazing! I dont want it to end!!  @laurenconradx3
@fungkeblakchik even worse 
@irishhitman67 first, no one has to tell you you're amazing, you'll tell all of us. And ewwww for empty stomach workouts. You poor thing. 
I think so making fun of @calistar1214 i ended up breathing like a fat kid 
Decided to skip art this morning as have had a really busy weekend. Turns out there wasn't a class anyway..... skiving is more fun! 
im not even remotely thrilled ab this class i have at 1pm. im startin to question my decision on summer classes  i jus wanna eat cocoa...
@barrygraul Happy Birthday, Dude!  Too bad you'll never be as old as me! 
@offsideshark ....it made me so angry but omg so so so sad  are we ever going to have a good season.
critical thinking exam... im going in... pray for me 
@toodlenoodle hehe i actually like Ikea, i was just frustrated and very disappointed in the office chair section 
@CheyanneBrae It only takes once-data lost in #bushfires INCREDIBLE-I can do NOTHING to help - NOW ppl listen - they thought I was idiot 
Stood in a puddle then stubbed my toe on an uneven paving slab. Result = wet, hurt feet 
@jimmiereign RIP to your puppy.. i've got a year and a half dog and i think i would be depressed for months if he would die 
Ugh.  Woke up this morning before the alarm thinking it was Sunday and I could go back to sleep. Unfortunately, it is Monday 
hates having a cadbury's funsize bag in her room, have eaten 5 already!  god damn it! gym tonight, yes!
O when will this rain stop?! I have a long miserable drive in a min and i hate drivin in a storm! 
Ethic Test today. I didn't even sleep all night. Now I can't stay awake. What can I do? 
No, there isn't.  It'll b 1 yr b4 #10 comes out. But the Sookie collected short stories r coming out in October! (via @VivatRegina) THX!!
Managed to get about four hours sleep in small bursts last night. Not fun!  Hopefully getting my ear pierced today if M turns up.
@shondarhimes where's the podcast / blog?  the ending was fantastic, but omg i can't wait until next season!!
@jeffw171 pretty good. I got excited b/c the cute house on the end of the block (@ work) is for sale - but it's mad $ for a 1 bedroom.  u?
@coyotetoo ... one inch makes too much of a difference if i have signal.  even when phone doesnt move!!!!   total hardware sell 
Not happy about my hair falling out every 5 minutes!!! Def even less happy about my new apple shaped tummy... 
suddenly my jolly mood is saddened by memories of a person i used to really like.. 
@sammi_jade Its just so not funny thats its funny... off to dry my hair... 
http://twitpic.com/5f7zm - Fun day at the studio yesterday. Now I've got to find a race to shoot! Back to work today 
SLAMED bf door as i was gettin into the car cuz I was super pissed and shattered the windshield. awesome, sumthin else i have 2 pay 4 
Math and Sejarah on the same day is not fun. at alllllll 
@zemouk  bent over and it went  was on the floor for hours, couldnt move, then the hospital. not fun!
Today is a very tough Monday. It's unfortunate because I have 3 exams and a project due this week...and I haven't started anything 
gonna go to bed cos im tired and sad and heaps bored and upset and completely DREDDING tomorrow ahh  R.I.P Charlie We will all remember u
home now.  Grrrr.  Bowling sucks.  Lost, lost and lost.    Not Happy Jan!
I just broke my awesome Tiki cup from when I went to the Jeckle &amp; Hyde Club in NYC with Keggy 
Wish I had been back home in LA for the earthquake.  They're so much fun if you've never been in one!
Doesn't not want to go to work! Lovely peaceful day apart from that worry! 
My pup MIa has an upset tummy 
@BethM82 yes  enjoy the vaccine!
the rain came at the wrong time this evening...  too bad
Last episode of Supernatural was amazing!!! I don't know how I'm gonna be without Dean, Cass and Sam for 3 months 
The day is pretty! Just got out the gym. Shower then work! I smell funky  K!nG
Rough night  after an awesome weekend, makes for a rough Monday
lunch time has been jokes  double chemistry next :| fun timesss 
is sat at college. NOT HAPPY  waaaaaahhh 
@BloggingKristin Oh! That's no fun!  I will be praying for you...
is doing Maths  and fells maybe there is something i can do to cause some fun 
@Claireeee09 i am so ill as well. im dying  im gonna finish these rivers by 2, even if that means just scanning the pages. i hate this.
@chuckdarw1n Glad its not just me then - thought I might have said something.... 
@CCSeed unfortunately, we have a frost warning for tonight 
@CooperHawkes @CooperHawkes All fair points, I put my neck out there on the mass effect ending and got it wrong. Hear is the AXE  - Tony
ughh part 2 of a horrible day.. uncle lionel's funeral 
@benvatner I don't even have time at lunch 
it feels sooo good outside . but lexi's not happy , boo . i hope she's not mad at me 
@DidierStevens ok that's cool. so much for wolframs mathematical focus 
Back to work ..,, long week ahead alot of doctor appts  should b fun
okay, breakfast and then work  no fun.
@trishaforbes I hate moving house, still unpacking from our move a year ago  Have fun on friday!
Failing spanish is not fun 
not enjoying revision 
@BlokesLib but you're even further away than usual.. 
@BrookesMyName haha yay for oped!  Glad you made it, to bad you weren't in the main room though 
@NINASKY that sounds fun wish I was there 
Having a 'fun' time trying to sort out our snail pace network. Pressing save on a network file takes up to 30seconds. Cables are screwed 
wishes he had been to #cfobjective 
@timsully1 funeral just been arranged, two weeks today 
@steveorrell that's unfortunate 
they were gone  she came back on her own with the males and no sign of the little ones all day! I'm really depressed now..damn ducks!! :.(
At the bus stop. Then another fun day of school. 
Is in desperate need of some sunshine!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Cant deal with any more cold 
@Tempest3K Something that you desperately need.  
@DonnieWahlberg i know we missed out    but glad to have u back ... and 60K !!!!   love ya .. welcome back general
In second period doing absoultly nothing cuz our teacher is gehhy and its gloomy outside 
@Dojie cause i have to many apps and videos and content that i cant sync as i have raned out of spaces 
has broken his zip on his favourite  hooodie  not a happy bunny
@ninissoo oh my, i'm hoping on it  but, i keep struggle to become a host fo some big events. ya i guess,i've read it on magz. Xo
Back to the dentist to fill my cavity  I want them to give me happy gas or sleeping gas so I don't feel the pain!!!
@blazevxi i havent even heard of Azerbaijan  i want our manager to be alan curbishely i decided. also, can you please ask spurs to make..
Pulled both hamstrings and a groin muscle tonight at rugby! Fuk my life, I can't even walk 
Missing my bundle of brilliant fun.... 
Spooks was awesome  very satisfied. Now back to my report 
@savingfaith i know, its terrible! i'll explain when i get home but i am So not happy 
@amazingphoebe i really like them, i never went to the modbury canteen, i was like, it will never be as good as kildare 
@Jamie_127 its not fun wearing glasses though  x
@JanaAlyssa Unfortunately not  Ah well, I'll survive.
Not enjoying using Tweetie 
@annehelena It was an attempt at humour. I thought it would be funny to imply that you've never achieved anything. Rude and ungentlemanly 
@IanScottHaisley Sounds awesome but site's requiring authentication/sign in   http://HopePhones.org
wehhh it was so nice and sunny this morning, and now it is cloudy and I'm SO COLD!!!!!!!!..... 
@happysahmom I'm leaving for Portland Friday @ 6AM....won't see you this time around. 
Im goin 2 hane 2 have a marathon tweeting session this week if im goin to be Twitter-barred all weekend!  From Fri l/time till Mon Evenin!
@luluchandie85 its sunny one minute and raining the next  have a good day 
@DonnieWahlberg Good morning!Glad to hear your having a blast! Sorry to hear that your sea sick  Hope you do another cruise.I will b there
Enjoy your May 2-4 less a half dozen...I'm on the way to work 
so so upset because school is coming 
you can't prepare for the death. even if you think you are, you're not. 
Excited about the Kojima Productions announcement today....oh wait it's just a countdown clock 
@cakiiebakiie It would be. That's one of the reasons I want one. I find the touch screen awesome.  Doubt it'll ever happen though 
night night OMG i didnt even get to see the end of supernatural 
@BethGCentury21 Aww...we will be praying for you. I know that is no fun. 
so bored. Beginning to realise that having a definite leaving date makes time drag even more 
Feeling so lazy yet contented. I dun want classes to start.  not yet.
Morning Twitterland.. Ya girl has actually been working since 7sumthin this morn and dammit I'm proud of myself.. lol Off to work in 30. 
lalalalla french is over! off to a chem exam  then ap worlddd then lunch then algebra then staying for art, fun stuff!
&quot;i'm not like them, but i can pretend...  i think i'm dumb, or maybe just happy...&quot;  i'm definitely dumb, that's why i'm unhappy! 
@Air1Scott  that stinks.... hope you feel... UNsore? soon... i know how you feel. not fun. 
why do i even try?? 
@caffeinebomb Ok well that's my last official day as a sabb  Is it full day event or can I come and partake in bits when I have time?
@jkac @marchine eff, I can't even get her topless 
@marsherlin awh  i've only lost 1 of my 4 grandparents... but the pain is still unbearable. but it's all part and parcel of life :/
Off to another day at work  oh so fun
@laraduckytay I WANT TO. I have exams that time. ugh ugh, not fairrrrrr  sunny, reeally? aww, cute. what are you?
@paperroute im depressed....my best friend has cancer...and i have to go see him...won't be able to make the Houston show...i want to cry 
Bored in LSC so i decided to keep you updated happy monday 
@jkac @marchine eff, I can't even get her topless  - @jkac
or like one house, which had a boat on the kerb. unfortunately it wasnt being thrown out 
@MissMoofy No.  It's annoying!! Damn UK and it's overpriced tattiness grrr. Glad you two have found a place though, close to uni too! &lt;3
is not overall very happy, A - was hung up on (angers me a lot!!) B - car running on air, C - very very poor until Saturday 
@timdee Even with all that CSO?! I watched the VHS once and didn't have another go. Liked ep1 but it didn't grab me, sadly 
Bleh. I wish I could just sleep in for even an hour longer. 
It's so much harder to face Mondays when the weekend was so fantastic! 
Just home from business exam, really glad it's over. Sainsbury's in hamilton didn't have the passion pit album 
Depressed. Went and weighed myself at gym. Weigh at least half a stone more than I thought I did. Oh  Fatmo!
I wish I could enjoy a bowl of cereal and milk this morning!! 
argh!!!! sooo annoyed my laptop crashed just as my hair product video was about to stop uploading...gotta start again now 
very upset had tickets to THE VIEW for Wednesday and can't go..  
That was the end of a fantastic Monday 
is back home drenched from the rain and has put a poor teething Kai to bed. So upset, poor love, these big back teeth are buggers 
@roxybats I wanna see The Hangover, too! Except looks like they slam a door into a little baby.  Not funny now that I'm a parent.
If only time hadn't run out my Mechanics exam would've been awesome! 
@EMILYGMILLIE yes; she's excited and sad. Said no one but mommy goes to her shows 
learns there was an earthquake in LA last night..... I always miss the fun and games 
I think I'm missing Miami a little bit, prefer the hot sunny weather 
It's wayyy too early to be awake  happy Monday !
@laurakalbag what is the funny rabbit thing called I can't find it 
tallulah is my new kitten. she curious feisty and cute. loui dog is jealous and scared at the same time 
I hate these extra long periods, its not even like i'm doing anything except texting&amp; listening to my ipod 
can't help it &amp; keep looking back the last 5 years happy &amp; sad memories in his very house he called home.. He's going to miss his home.. 
@nicosiaoceania IKR. it sucks. i wasnt even able to catch a glimpse of either david.  WOW. you were waayy early. didnt see you though...
@stefant Glad you are enjoying the coverage - the least I can do for you and others who always tweet for us and couldn't be here. 
not feeling well, lighthead and sick to my stomach.  also can't find my mp3 player transfer/charger cord or my sunglasses... Happy Monday
Upset that my phone is on its last bar dying on me... left my chargers 1 @ work n the other @ the condo 
No trip to the dr today..had a real helpful nurse talk to me *sarcasm*.very frustrated right now.. and tired..really wish hubby was here 
Placebo - Running up that hill.  Incredible hurtful. My heart breaks..
Stuck on the road!!!! Ugh happy monday 
i'm really pleased that things are really moving in Spain now.. just upset I aint enjoying a glass of fizz too 
@ItsAJackal They have awesome stuff, but since they go live at midnight Central Time, it can be tough to catch the really good shirts. 
last day on the latin america trip  its always sad to leave this wonderful region..i hope to be back soon !!
mixed feelings at end of term... should I be happy or sad?  
@Raynecleoud so very jealous 
@rjw8888 I did not even work out yesterday.. I think Its a mix of working out and sleeping funny.  its just painful
I just realized that I haven't even watched 4 seconds of the #Cannes festival for being too busy  I love the Cannes festival! fuck it.
i HATE scheduling classes and i absolutely HATE school!  why can't we all be born with a college education and stay home and enjoy life.
It is rainy and nasty outside . . Go figure the day would be like this after the celtics lost game seven. 
@LexaShmexa I go to bed early and miss out on all the fun. And I'll miss any during the next 3 days too (have to go into the office) 
@BlokesLib hehe its all good fun..no im afraid not other than im supposed to be cleaning  wish i was somewhere hot! so what are you doing?
Going to check on my children later on.. I'm so sad I'm gonna have to leave them now  had such an amazing time!
Time flies when youre having fun!! I hate its night time again here 
Back from hospital. Nurses not happy with me for breaking the head off the little stress ball piggy you squeeze while they find a vein 
yesterday, said individual then informed me that we were not in his event at all and that we should look elsewhere...gotta love this guy 
u are happy in one moment and in the next u just fall apart! its a heavy day!  for alot of ppl
Disappointed. Gained a pound this week. I'm never supposed to gain while dieting. Upset and filled with self loathing. Bad mood Monday 
Got my happy little fix last night! Thank God!!! Now off to school! 
@jcalvarez have a wonderfull day ,stay warm its cold out 
@meenalanand looks like someone had an awesome day!! seriously jealous now.......i had 1 meeting after the other  so all i had was coffee
Wolfram Alpha for my birthday: &quot;Notable events for March 28, 1977no known major notable events).&quot; What about me being born?! 
60 degrees, sunny, no wind. Oh, it is Monday.  
@nanna95  ....Glad he made it back safely...
@s1m0n YAY!!! I am so excited for you guys! I wish we were going to Germany more than ever. 
not been on in a while, loving being back in Englad altho have developed a strange rash... 
@DonnieWahlberg Great that you had so much fun! I would have loved to be there, but that was something I could not afford. Unfortunately 
Placebo - Running up that hill.  Incredible hurtful. My heart breaks..
Thought it was gr8 getting out of hospital early, but I was given an entire case to write up for tomorrow!! Wonderful! 
@jwOU812 I heard your Italian Soup and Salad was awesome.  I had leftover barbecue chicken.  Not as good warmed up 
doing laundry, oh the joy 
more depressed than you could ever imagine that I won't be going to Vegas.  I hate having to be financially responsible.
twitter in Adium is sooo confusing me  *sticks to EventBox*
My coworker made muffins and I got really excited. But then I found out they had nuts in them 
is in the computer shop... NANAMAN! (annoyed) and mga phplurks ko di pumasok  http://plurk.com/p/ukexz
@jerrysplaces it was her Birthday yesterday? Little distracted with Josh if it was announced. Sorry  Tell her Happy Birthday for us!
It's amazing how much my brain cannot function when the hoover is on!!! argh making so many cock ups. 
WHY WHY WHY! did this wonderful weekend have to end 
happy Victoria day, friends! I work in a US division of GWL, so I'm off to work. 
@UltimateHurl unfortunately, they look a lot alike, I always have to spit the coffee ones out 
@miamiamiaa why thank youu!! I am so jealous that you don't have an exam tomorrow  !! xx
@Got_A_Minute I wish I could go.  Unfortunately, I'm probably going to miss the next few games due to prior engagements.  
@Antwoinne good morning, ur up early. I called u back y'day. I was all happy then u didn't answer 
After almost 6 months of fixing I am proud to announce that my experiment is still f*cked 
morning twitters, happy monday 
@manuortiz amazing! It was so much fun...You're in the library working and I'm still home, I overslept 
@ashleythecat I didnt realize you were on twitter! fun! Sorry I missed you 
work work work - no fun 
@mikedao Its 679 at Best buy for the BODY ONLY  (versus $270 body only for the D70) at BestBuy: unfortunately WAY out of my price range! 
@tivalover no.  I came home from work and I was miserable. We're going on Tuesday at 4, so we'll be home before NCIS!
@mikaylagross who met selena? tat and hillary did! there's a friggen picture on fb. i'm so jealous 
Where the hell did the weekend go??one second it was Friday and then i woke up to Monday.. sad sad sad state of afairs.. 
@Mina_Simone I'm lookin @ the pics.. While we stayin @ the hotel still got there late n missed pic opps.  I cnt even watch that day pics
It makes me sad when you want to share something you really enjoy with others &amp; the main response you get is &quot;OMG this is AWFUL&quot;. 
@tom_bleaker True, my level of coolness pretty much demands a flying/time traveling clothes washing machine. Functional, but still lame. 
this weekend's fair was good, barely made my booth fee though 
N feeling too grand today, thought I was just hungry but even a big lunch hasn't sorted it out 
I'm also happy that tyler, sam, and vicky aren't in history 
@therese_awesome haha. thanks. :| clicking? gosh. i havent done that in a long time. actually, i miss it.  what's up with the baller?
It's all grey and cloudy here and my Dad is sending me photos from sunny Gran Canaria 
I need some tea... My tummy is upset 
wants to be outside swimming since the pool is FINALLY open but unfortunately its only 55 degrees right now  Here's to hoping it warms!!!
My poor cat is poorly. Off to the Vets with her this evening. 
@richard4481 damn i wish i could of gone but i dont even have enough money for the train 
Yeesh. American drama series seem to be dropping like flies!! Harsh times 
Man, i had such an awesome dream now i'm sad that's all it was 
Away to head home and the rain's starting. I've a funny feeling i'm gonna get soaked before i reach home  http://bit.ly/16WeqE
Even the streets are quiet without the seniors  This is sad &amp; weird.
@rosie_rage hahahaha! thats abit harsh! im sure your meant to think that your kids are like amazing! LOL! bless her! im at work later  xx
Dentist appt today. For me this is about as enjoyable as typing embalming appt today 
Writing compositions in Japanese is hard and time consuming.  Especially considering that I'm not even good at writing them in English.
Just watched the Tweetup Hyderabad video. Looks like fun! I wish I could go to a tweetup too! 
biology lab report is super killing me! i don't even want to do labs!! 
@ProudGamerTweet I rather average 32370 
@SarahFTW I know  sometimes i just pretend i have a superpower like when i say something it will be true. That would be an awesome power.
@ThoreauLM Safe travels this week.  We are all still sad  for ourselves, but happy for you!
@dheaasa @feliciasfelicia yes,she has a javelin! ohh,im so jealous of her.. i mean its expensive! she bought it ysterday.. 
Well today, I have decided we will be having roast chicken again this evening. Will try not to serve it raw 
is on a break at work! im so tired its not even funny! cant wait for some time off! Longgg overdue!..working 7 days is not advisable  lol
@DonnieWahlberg glad to hear u had fun!! sorry to hear about u being sick  i will be on the boat next year!!
annoyed. begining to think some ppl do specifc shit just to start my day off bad 
@contentcottage very cold here too - even poppy slept in later then usual! just gave in and cranked up the heat. I had to 
@jordanknight we missed you jordan  hope you had a great time and hope you enjoyed you'r birthday! x
@allaboutg you really wouldnt expect this at a very internet focused event #ses #smx ... We wants wifi 
@BCorson being one of our regulars...we missed you!    definitely a great success. All were happy &amp; had a blast!
@mbreinholt ohhh hiking *jealous*... I don't get out enough. I'm speeding through my morning trying to put a proposal together 
@DonnieWahlberg *tear* i missed out  glad to have you back home!
@Nicward2 No fun, I don't want to win...I want to play  lol
dt fillet o fish was der shit..im not full doe..i dnt even have snacks in my snack draw 
@geevongore its dead annoying :/ i never realised there was a limit to how many times you can access twitter?  ruin my fun haha
I wish I could stop stressing about/for my mum. This is a horrible situation for anyone to be in, let alone my wonderful  mother 
A beautiful day, even if I have to do more tax work   Embrace that which you don't want 2 do, 2 enjoy what you really want to, note 2 self
I am soooo cold! Not even @ home so I can't nip off and throw a big warm jumper on  I'll just have 2 freeze
@ahasty14 Yeah, I'm going to have to DVR it because I have Bible study tonight. If I even make it that far, since I feel like death 
@davehonig Because this is an internet advertising event and many people here still thinking more advertising / less conversation  #iabnet
@calmandready ahhh ok cool! Am playing dead space at the mo but may try the headset thing at one point! I just can't sing!!! 
@RichGurlDeedz lol I meant to write tues, pak tues da day b4. Listeennnn its erlyyy 4 my brain 2 function proeperly. 
Such a gloomy day in Tampa. Rain is much needed though. At vet w/Starr for 3rd round of vaccines...my poor frightened pup... 
back at work  loved the BB&amp;N one-acts - lae was fantastic spring awakening!
@Doctorbenjy Best live show ever last night, was so funny! GUTTED i had to leave early tbh 
Root canals are not fun 
And some of us didn't even make it to June4th 
Today is not a cute day. School is so boringg, why wont teachers make class a bit fun?! I just wanna go homeeeee &amp; rest. 
getting ready for work again  Tomorrow I'm off and working on what I love most. Happy Monday all.
Still looking forward to London on Sunday, even if it means no colours 
Back in Jolly Ole' for one last day  Just wandering about Picadilly and Covent Gardens for the whole day...relaxing...
Hooray finally one assignment down. well sorta.. lol oh god i just want them all to be done  30 rock makes me happy tho!
@Jill_HW I won't be down there at that time, unfortunately   Sorry to miss you!
feeling like crap today, but I get to have some fun Courtney/Rebecca time for coffee as soon as class is over. One of our last times! 
:'( :'( i didn't mean anything to him......i just knew it...even though everyone disagrees well....i just know  fuck my life.... :'(
Excited about the future! Not so excited about the state of the economy  how to resolve the conflict? Is there opportunity knocking?
So glad to have boys around (aka leslies bro &amp; bf) to do all the heavy lifting as we move out. 25 more min @ 834 beacon 
I think I found my next apartment! Now I just have to tell my wonderful landlords that I'm leaving them  I love them 
@mayblue85 Really? That is so cool! Awww. I'm jealous. Haha. I wasn't able to see him cause I was sick. 
I didn't get to the movies this week end.    I'm thinking about going on Tuesday just need someone to mind the cootie that evening.
@jessy8593 I'm so sorry to hear about grandma, my condolences to u &amp; the family. And feeling sick isn't fun either 
is lying flat on the bed. tired to even move my legs  what is happening to me
so upset about celtics...... 
parents see tht?? instead they scream at u for not being happy when they get higher promotions 
..even if i want to 
so so so sleepy!!!  happy Monday.  three day weekend ahead. please no aftershocks today 
@TUID I really didn't like dollhouse. It was a bit meh. Seemed to lack something. Didn't really watch chuck. T:SCC was brilliant though. 
@Daelen972 i opened the port for incoming and even switched the port number... port for outgoing i can't find in skype preferences 
@ross_anthony OMG i need to get outta the UK! @babygirlparis has posted pics of Cannes &amp; its making me depressed being stuck in essaying 
staceys party was amazing. i lost my voice 
I'm going to town today to get more brackets on.... joy. 
oh yeah. i saw some of the most beautiful moths last night. i saved some from the well water, but others weren't so fortunate 
Is upset that she can't get her phone working.. 
@SamNUK I know i do  the problem is when ever i listen to music I always do it with my ipod, even at home &amp;i never think to sync my itunes
Am in bed and shud b long asleep but am wide awake!  My kittie is also upset i locked her out...sory my sweet! Ahh..wat 2 do...
Had a tiring weekend  could not even get enough rest  but still hoping to have good time ahead 
happytweets.com says i'm not very happy 
Ouch - CookieHost.COM is down too... knarly. This is so fun... 
Thought it would be fun to go  to the bar last night. Really didn't expect my coat with my car &amp; house keys in the pocket to be stolen 
Lost a ton of followers over the weekend... Happy Monday to me. 
Back in Loughborough. Had an AWESOME weekend at Sunburn Beach Frisbee Tournament ! Good times  Now back to Uni work 
Lots of things I wanna do today. Most importantly: post on the blog. I just gotta get my computer to function. My iPhone won't blog 
@stevezep666 damn that is wild useful, my super power is that I get jealous of everybody   That includes you for your speedy harlem shake
is so upset at the person who stole my husband's laptop.  It had Uly's 4d ultrasound pics in it. 
Happy Monday all - home sick today. I guess spending all that time in the wet, rainy weather this weekend wasn't smart 
So, funny story, I was going to to Kayaking but then it rained 
@marygoulden yep, sucker big time, it's just not fair the way he put it, and now jordan saying about 2010 cruise, looks like i'll miss it 
now i'm upset by donnie and jordan's tweets. no fair. 
Ouch - CookieHost.COM is down too... knarly. This is so fun...  http://bit.ly/mpnSb
Thinks its not fair that everyone else is having babies I want one too 
@SherryinAL sorry to hear that  She must have excellent care there - 14 is incredible for setters.
Off to ikea with blythers and @sphericalmap. yawn didn't sleep well 
@carryfiasco Tis sad isn't it?  I'm hoping they might process the refund after tonight.
@prenvo mark all as read is a wonderful feature... much of my eMail is server status reports but still, i have a LOT of eMail 
@ianpriceuk Car coming together nicely, unlike the budget  Desperately trying to squeeze enough for an event or two, unlikely at the mo
whats happened to my bandwidth then ?    cant even stream an mp3....
I am rather depressed today.. It sucks 
Couldn't get my camera to load fast enough. So didn't get a picture of the turkeys.  It was a strange and amazing sight.
@sharonsnest babysitters 4 days/week. dh home  1 day. I'm working 5.  But I'll be glad to be free of the getting everyone up, fed, dressed
Going to miss these rate funny conversations  haha
@oohafezah I didn't join the awesomely awesome lunch  bummer
@brassblogs Thanks!! thats awesome! I still need to get the issue! last weekend I checked and it wasn't at B&amp;N Yet 
Can't even use my iPod now. None of the buttons are working. It's like I've lost an arm. I know I'm overreacting but... FUCK FUCK FUCK!!! 
I'm so sick I can't even move, 4 hours ago I was perfectly fine. What happened 
@TinkerGem that wouldn't be very fair though 
Sorry to hear about Fool, Kyleen.  Hang in there woman, you'll be ok eventually.
hasn't even gotten out of the parking lot yet and already misses his brother 
Day 6 at the beach and it's a sad day...we're heading back to Atlanta this afternoon  It was good while it lasted. This trip was amazing!
I'm enjoying a rainy morning Florida &amp;  husband's 2nd day of retirement..... life as I have known it will be changed forever...yuck.
mmm i want to go home. i feel all tired &amp; depressed 
@lovehound lucky you! Summer vacations are amazing and I only have a week of them! (and I still have a month to finish school) 
@aimeefulton in this recession, its what we're lowering ourselves too. STREEEET SALES.  the wee whistle thing annoyed me
@greenlaundry That sounds like so much funnnnn! I'm just stuck at shitty work 
is out of funding 
Typical, its my bedtime and all the fun is happening here  grrrrr lol have to get up early 
is so annoyed right now.....stupid title software isnt working.......I shouldve stayed home with my Yoshi 
Frankenstein was a poor miserable character...I feel sorry for him 
@babygirlparis Ok now I'm jealous!!!            LOL
Is not going to look elsewhere for gaming news on his break, even though his favourite site is down  #tsa
wants to wear his new sunglasses....but its not sunny  life is so unfair!
@avrilchan lol awesome. i won't be able to attend the lumineria ceremony and i was supposed to sing then too! 
@ElegantEnsemble Believe me u will just love it nomatter wot the weather is like. The atmosphere is incredible. Wish I was going again 
@swag_so_sick well unfortunately im a temp so im hired when theres stuff to do so im always busy..got stuff to do 
Having my coffee on this gloomy/rainy morning... can't sit out on our deck and look onto the lake today 
oh dear Kasabian cancelled Cork... gonna be many upset KGWs tonight 
I just lost my bday balloon  no fair oh well a memory to keep that balloon that blew away on my birthday
@sheilmcn oooh that's rather nice.  i'm still jealous of @MarkPower's oompah loompah though 
registered for next year.. individual tax, acct systems and control, presentational speaking, and consumer behavior.. oh fun 
i wanne go to italy 2 but i cant  yesterday just 4 h in the sun and i got sunburn. yeah . thats soooo unfair
sick,  but super happy that there is only 4 days left of this internship!!
@nesquicus The files are so huge I couldn't even find a free filesharing website yet to make downloads available to all fans 
We hope everyone is taking advantage of this awesome long weekend! Looks like Calgary's weather isn't going to cooperate on this last day 
@its_me18 no more joy ride 
@Geeno33 Feisty?! What happened to happy Gee this morn 
Aching body, severe headache, this is not fun! 
@ycherry I kinda wish I could do some training...unfortunately, our bosess don't think we need any 
@heathsharp Why is fucked love? You seemed so happy the other day! You know i'll always be here to help you &lt;3 There must be something... 
ah yes, happy monday to all! end of softball season right around the corner 
@mollymolly88 omg i'm angry it's not a good day for me... boo  gonna definately try to write music today though.
At BC, outdoor ceremony. Was supposed to be sunny or at worst cloudy. It is actually raining lightly. 
I find the fact that I have to wait 10 hours for the finale of Gossip Girl very upsetting..  Blair and Chuck!
@anniehump it won't even open on my desktop   Stuck with cr*ppy Twitter
I am so tired. I don't even wanna get ready 
This day is shaping up to be soooo wonderful 
@xMeo Ah, poo...and you were so excited for the handmade fair, too!  
@ruthannea yea but I won't be here.  You will have to call me. Miss you bunches, have fun with Laura on friday.
@lilyroseallen One got stuck in my can of fanta, and ended up stinging me in the lip when i was about 13  It wasn't fun to say the least!
i got overly excited for &quot;new divide&quot; and then found out that it's not available until later today... 
Happy Memorial Day Peeps.. too bad I gotta work |Wondering when my grades are going to be released| my throat hurts 
owch my eye stillllll hurts but even worse today.  stuuuupid art projects are today so I can't miss school wah. bad day today I can tell..
what an eventless day soo far 
@NessaNecole Hows the knee.  Steven mentioned that you had gotten hurt 
Last Block S trip of the day before heading back to pick up MINI from service/MoT. Not enjoying the BMW 1 Series loaner - weird car 
argh! annoyed that frigging itunes won't work 
@eletyl I'm sorry you're having a rough time   Haven't had time to read your blogs in full yet but you don't sound happy on here. *hugs*
in Collage how fun 
Is not enjoying chemistry right now. This class is boo boo's. 
i wanna do something fun tomorrow/today, but i doubt i will because i have two assignments waiting for me 
@bbunderground man I am envious. About to hit the freeway to work   you guys hiring? ;) http://myloc.me/15Vs
@imogenheap You Rock!! &lt;3 Yur Song Speeding Cars! Unfortunately I Cant Help With Technical Stuff Tho - Sorry!! 
@SimplySib oh the joys of stalking people....seriously it just becomes easier and easier. Booo Jimmy Carr didn't reply to you 
Done with work only one hour after! And the store looks amazing!!! Gotta be back @ 530 though. 
A wonderful, sunny, relaxing weekend ruined by Monday morning 
KNEEWATCH-back from Surgery Consultant,Knee  doing well, recovery on track,unfortunately looking at another 7 months til I'm back playing 
@rediska08 awts.  friday, parteeey! hahaha! sa haus ni joycee. sang iner kc di makapg-usap ng maayos eeh T_T
Been working on the site all day. glad it's almost 4:30 now. Need to get some medicine 
@amds007  thanks for reposting. you're awesome! let's work to find all the @lostnmissing . Too many missing loved ones 
@tombeal I found an even simpler solution was to accidentally delete all my music, solved that problem real quick, added another though 
@Ghouligan - Did you have fun? Also, why wasn't I invited to play. 
@stephspencer hey! Give the rest of us a chance for some fun! 
Why are my feet ALWAYS so cold  even with 2 pairs of socks on!!
glad the French exams over. Did math too, but got paper2 after half term. Literature+media tomorrow! 
too much to do, too much going on. funerals, case studies, editing, gigs. can't switch my mind off. sleep is going to be a problem. help. 
@vegas_lips Sorry about that... I guess that is what happens when you work for a US related company.. 
@SharneseLaNier Glad ur gr8. Sorry cold/damp/raining!!  Kinda cool here. Was down @ 44 overnight!!
@LockonRyan9 Aw, I am sorry to here that your trip wasn't fun 
Enjoyed my time in D.C. last week. Now it's back to reality!! 
This is the week I put my PowerBook G4 to rest.  Bittersweet, but new Macbook is only way I'll get anything done besides browse the Web.
@El1217 Sorry I missed you   Hope you found a location and got to take part in the event!
@DonnieWahlberg  so glad you had a great time although the sickness  im like that on boats lol  hope to see you soon xxxxx
@Suze2oo9 Oh mock me now you`ve eaten you young skally ;P Yeah..made me happy at time but its gone now  Good day?
i am so angry. it's so hot today and i have to work on my bachelor's work! 
I would really enjoy it if my email would decide to work so I can check it. 
Happy Victoria Day to my Canadian peeps. I am celebrating the long reign of Queen Victoria by going to work. 
No deaths of my party! game was challenging but fun. Feel bad that my kobold wyrmpriest didn't get to use his awesome cold breath 
Happy to be at work this morning. Just found out that Tom's buddy lost his job on Friday 
It's cold. I hate the cold. I hate cold in May even more 
Not happy that Terminator: TSCC was canceled.  But you win some, you lose some... Looking forward to some kind of wrap up on the DVD.
Well... then instead of being excited for new episodes I'll will just be excited for the con next June  Guess it means bye bye tscc 
over all glad today is over, didnt have a good day. 
@smudge372 aww im jealous hubby never lets me put it on 
I need to get up and work out but my bed is amazing right now 
Is depressed so want to go to the eminem concert tommorrow 
@jazzjeet I will never have an awesome day at school. 
Seeing the Celtics lose night made my weekend even better except for Rafa losing to Federer  He's still #1!
@lee_gladding you should get Rich to pay the outstanding tshirt money and dock it from wages like before, some of us are so so broke... 
doing my homeworks, in the evening study :s sometimes... i hate my life  but when i see that i have the Bests Friends in the World...
UPSET BECAUSE MY iPHONE IS BROKEN AND I CAN'T EVEN TEXT MY BABY TO TELL HIM TO HAVE A GREAT DAY AT WORK 
@blstuart finished ours Fri; even a TSP wash failed to remove leaf tannins from epoxy coat  white was poor choice when we resurfaced it
@victorhg Too much time consuming and unfortunately I don't have much time as I wanted... 
@abwaters I've been impatiently waiting for the update, even unrooted for it, but still no love from T-Mo. 
Had to leave my baby in bed  BUT we're going to Chicago in T minus 4 days!  So excited!!!!!!
@steven_anthony I missed your tweet, sorry.  Regardless, I was at home, working on the car.
 I want all my friends back. (via @Mikejones37) as do I.  Happy for you mike.
ughh, huge essay, 62% of grade due tomorrow  . haven't even started.....
I'm drinking nos! It's not even helping 
@RWAneesa I just got back to NJ from Hawai'i and I hate NJ even more now 
Not dead yet. SD reader in laptop can see content of camera card. Just going to take an hour to transfer to the video editing workstation 
So annoyed when our own application in production need several minutes to open some pages. 
enjoys the day off on behalf of Queen Vicky, but doesn't enjoy all the good antique stores being closed as a result 
Took part in the London to Brighton Mini Run yesterday - funky minis everywhere - made me miss my Babs! 
Is soooo boring here and again it sunny outside 
@AdeleMcAlear Congrats on the MBP! Stores are open there? Even grocery stores are closed here today 
I want more followers  It'd be funs....
Myah is currently playing with her tail. Don't you wish you could be amused that easily? Love her! I still have jealous dogs though 
@dannygokey earthquakes due to awesome dance moves....i LOVE it!!! you were my pick for the finale  good luck in all you do!!! god bless!
It's bitter sweet: in sunny Miami, but missing my Boston Five 
well... WoW is starting to lose it's appeal.   Being unable to raid or see &quot;new&quot; content is starting to take its toll on me I think.
@AllysonAkridge im going to europe for christmas holiday. im kinda excited about it. i need to lose weight. 
@Leandra1980 yeah, it's always hard to leave a job where you enjoyed working   But it's great that you're enjoying your new place too! xx
ended up going to school  not happy althoo it was a good day i'd rather sleep
@jane_laura just the normal washing up liquid, i even re cleaned the sink after it had all that grease in it. 
Enjoying a lazy long weekend Monday.  Back to work tomorrow 
Inane conversations, neutered pricks, tantrum queens, hypocritical souls, pseudo-secularism 
@Ciaee sorry to hear about the business cards, lovely.  but the prints look AMAZING. AMAAZING! so thick and juicy in colour!
@limecello Poor Lime. *pets* It's so wrong to have class the day after graduation. And being sick on top of that is extra unfair. 
@Appsanity Going to camp with the whole sixth grade at school to Orcas Island! I will be without tech  But it will still be a lot of fun!
@mwclarkson Just learning, I can't even insert an image into an article, Doesn't look like my Joomla! for Dummies book 
im about to go to school to take that science test even though i don't know anything about science so wish me luck!!!! 
wish I were not allergic to sunlight so I could go out and enjoy a nice walk around the installations. 
I'm desperate for a ragdoll kitten  My dog would make its life hell though!  xxxx
@JellieBraden boo.  paperwork isnt as fun as church #justsayin
@icanlearntolove I think it's just security checking the other rooms are empty but even so, it's odd to think that strangers are around 
@radilicious jealous, wanted to see that 
@martinbrossman  MIL in same boat. Glad yours is able to be at home tho.
@EscorpiaKes  girl I'm not even going to get to go...I'm just going to Tennessee with my aunt...
so upset because I cant break 90 followers. 
exam wasn't too bad, glad its over, although now I have to go to estate agents about the hole in the wall 
Back in London, fun time in Chicago, not looking forward to work tomorrow 
@FatDaddySweets i'm sorry  maybe this is the calm before the Martha Stewart storm!
So gloomy  I wish I was still in bed sleeping
@brownsmoke09 3 brilliant things! unfortunately I am unable to grown facial hair 
@omgitsashton ...was being hypercritical as he has them, now he likes them but doesn't want me to put any on my arms 
delivering in the rain is not gonna be fun today 
i love my  magic  but they have no shoot against the cavs... and im not even going to be home to see like the first 3 games 
going to the after party this evening to meet and greet.  dont know anyone though  who else is there? #smx
@zeldman Manually typing @name or placing character before @ breaks &quot;in rely to&quot; function, making it very difficult to follow convos. 
@sophcw I wish you could come! That'd have been so awesome! 
I am so excited for Nine!!!!! Why does November have to be so far away? 
@oxNANCiiBBYxo i'm AWESOME! i miss u more!   u need a freAking phone NOWWW!
No more putting it off time to clean the basement.  Not fun 
was v. happy with survivor but feels like ass today. 
Feeling a wee bit zonked on painkillers...will be very glad to get home today 
AWESOME! PIC @BobbyPens@TheOmarShow I couldn't use Twit Pic  But I got a lot of good pics on my camera http://twitpic.com/5evp6
@jenleclair it was awesome! We had a great turn out. Wish you had come  But there will always be others!
@jlzeman awww  thats not good at all...working is not fun at all esp in the early morning!
@MonkeyBooze has bought a cake for the office; I am excited because it has Carnage (http://is.gd/B0FF) on it. Nobody cares. 
@cameron_crazy - Bummer! Even worse.... you don't need to refrigerate parmesan..... 
@ibroketuesday I kept an eye out for him, unfortunately all I got was some pretty pretty clips from the 'Then' intro 
@robertbrook I'd say they would definitely think yes. Kinda seems fair, but it would be nice if it were free... 
@twit_julie I've always wanted to go there  Have fun!
@leonnea It was FANFREAKINGTASTIC!!! Got amazing pix and videos on my FB page - have to edit food pix tho 
Wondering why the people in Chicago are so miserable!! I miss my sister. 
stomach growling. would give anything to be able to open mouth wide and chomp down on a burger, or pizza, or even rice! 
http://tinyurl.com/ovnbuh (NYC Gets First Swine Flu-Related Death)  http://plurk.com/p/ul56o
Monday...     Looking forward to a short week and a wonderful trip with Dave this weekend!
Managed to expose the whole of my 120 film from the brownie camera, lost a whole shoot brilliant 
@kinkmachine Yeppy  I got loads of emails demanding my help on failting love crap, but haven't got the strength to even bother. Gaybie.
@mikedao LOSER!!!  after all this talk about my 20d on its deathbed...  im happy for you 
@kesouthall looks like a very wet evening ahead 
@RachelSchain I didn't tweet at the time, but I was so glad to hear Bellefonte went well. Wish I could have come up. Had to work. 
Finished my revision for the day  Now i have to worry about the exam tomorro :S .  Might have to do even more revision! 
@nyramohamad it is fun  pink racket!
allergies on top of a headcold? Makes for a miserable Monday.  MY EYES HAVE NEVER ITCHED SO MUCH.
@_cupcake scary!  glad everyone is okay though
Got wet on the way home. New hair looks like crap. Trying to feel happy but not working. 
jst gt bk frm my exam. Glad it's ova!2 dwn 15 more 2 go  once out of skwl da 1st fing i saw: 2 yr 7s frm anotha skwl fightin isnt dat nice
I'm truly jealous of Teryn's new camera. 
@Gracecleere that toy house was awesome. Gutted Jes didn't get the photo of us both in the window!! 
Soul food late at night doesn't equal a happy morning 
I'm not enjoying it 
@darlingnikki08 Starting to get that way.......unfortunately. Already had a few days over 100  . July &amp; August won't be pretty.
@pr1nc3ssNKOTB we missed u!  Would have been more fun if u had been there too  next time!
On my way to a funeral 
@tomomixprophet rawrrrr GD!!!!!!! i'm super jealous  have fun xo
Just teared up while watching Desperate Housewives.  omg I'm so lame.
@trendscaping I heard Prune was great. So glad you liked it.  My pork bun (IPhone) photo is blurry 
What a weekend! Working today, even thought it's a holiday. 
@ChrisEfs Nooo not sad, trust me I'd be doing the same if I were you.  Jealous!
In other news: reading Love Medicine (Louise Erdrich) makes me depressed, sorta. 
I have finally settled on using multiple installs of WP instead of WPMU. Only way to have the functionality I need. Boo 
oh wow. i definitely had an amazing weekend. time to get back to work, though. i miss the river  yesterday was amazing!
On my way to the subway from Dance Parade, the Astor Place Street Fair with this: http://tinyurl.com/pyh4j6 I was too tired to eat 
@I_am_Heather they are pretty harsh on him.. 
soooo not happy that it is monday 
@ivette01 another one? what is going on?? Glad you're okay. Bummer about the car though.  ay, chica. que mala suerte!!
@jdalrymple Yay, Jim! Happy for you, but It's weird seeing your byline somewhere else.  
@pinkbunny69 Aw , glad you got some done! Nope..twitters awfully quiet today  xxx
@FantasyParade Hehe. I am so bored. And lee took my headphones so can't even watch jonas 
Wish I wasn't stuck in the shop so I can enjoy this pretty day! 
i don't see &quot;starting a fire&quot; on my list of things to do yesterday. but it happened anyway   thankfully no major damage.
At school. It's not even 8 and i'm super hot in my jeans. My r:A DVD has yet to come, but I have to wait longer cos of the picnic today. 
@RhoyalTee I honestly hit the water before I even knew what was going on... I was like &quot;wait a minute Jesus&quot;... I called on the Lord 
@JarfOmega Birthdays are Awesome. BAA. I won't be around at all this w/e. 
@DatFiyaBoricua sup Keith I just pulled up to the slave quarters  NOT happy about being here lol
@MissShuganah I am glad to hear they are both fine.  Do ppl really forget the ablebodied?? 
@walljm Sorry you don't feel well today.  But I'm glad you were able to rescue most of the pictures.
@chrisamiller I missed that part of SNL.  I guess I just have a hard time watching a show that isn't as funny as it use to be 
just droped tim off at the boat ramp for his day of fishin n drinkin... lucky... now im off to fairfield for work... ick 
@SKORPIOLOVE nope cause then I'll be jealous  mine broke
People, Im so jealous...everyone I follow are now in Cannes   
@patriciaco We are so depressed right now. 
@pnoyapparel weekend was great? Wasn't it? Pismo was fun! It was the END of the weekend that sucked 
Not happy... I'm sick   Not sure if it's a cold or my hayfever kickin in early.  Hope it's a cold though, hayfever lasts for months!!!
is sicksicksick!  One more day at Woodlands. Hopefully I can shake this horrible cold soon! This is miserable.
3 weeks till summer!! Unfortunately that means I have finals between now and them 
@AnnieMullins even though i'm following you I think it's very sad you have to tell me this 
Dead rising 2 looks fun, i still play Dead Rising for some bloody zombie slaying fun. If only i had the money to buy the games i wanted. 
On my way to the stables, watching a movie on my Ipod at the same time. It's raining 
They described me as &quot;Likable.&quot; Unfortunately they were looking for someone &quot;Loveable.&quot; 
i cried over tonight's desperate housewives episode! and i don't even follow the show. i'm such a cry baby 
Prince Koa slept all night w/no sounds or nethin &amp;I even checkd up on him...but woke up 2him howlin cuz he was lonely  so much 4sleepin in
@NurseSoccerMom I'm not even gonna b home till 10, 2 ballgames tonight 
Just had a horrible day at school and is annoyed, sad and wet   I need something to make me happy 
maths exam was soo hard, even my friend who's targeted an A* said it was 
@hebrewzzi lameness was RE seeing some guy get hit by a car. no good. glad to hear the show went well! i was at pianos, heavy keyboard 
@sofdlovesbsb i wish i had gone  wouldnt it have been amazing if the new album would have been ready for tomorrow? lol 10 yr anni! lol
@MyCheMicALmuse i'm okay. And idk about muffin 
@LusaSousa i wish i could be happy 
is still at work even if she has been advised to go home and go on bed rest 
@jordanknight Happy B-lated Bday! Awesome Bday Bash w/ur Fans! I missed out on the T.O. concert. U performed on my bday, I wasn't in town 
@timlovejoy Revising for English tomorrow! ARGH! 
@LesleaC BAH!!!! wish i could... at work  and the dumb'os in the IT dept crippled my PC to the bone, so i can't get on those fun stuffs xD
@Funbrunette Awesome! I appreciate it! And by the way, still no DM from you. 
@MrHappyTits Naoko saturday, Burn sunday 
@Crazy4Jericho Exactly *grumbles* They don't even had the nuggets tickets listed on Ticketmaster yet but it's on the nuggets site. 
@slansing777 Ahhh. I see. Dangit!  Well, hopefully you'll get the opportunity to do something fun this week, even while being shackled...
im so so angry and sad at the same time, I FAILD! 
I'm kind of not happy at the moment.  But Ferras album &quot;Aliens and Rainbows&quot; is awesome !
Depressed about the Celtics... about to hang up the jersey for a loooonggg time  Why are the offseasons so long? I miss them already
@kay0009 You're so unfair!  I wanted to watch it with you! (
canceling my internet service today. i move out of kent on Saturday  .. living in OFalls for a month then off to my new place in Fairview
tired  and HAPPY  i finished my LAT homework..now i gotta practice my science presentation.. and..then of course Bosnian homework again..
I don't even know who my TRUE friends are anymore and it's getting me worried!  w.e I still got my other besties whu treat me right &lt;3
Internal bleeding and sickness is no fun.. Fix me!! 
I am most upset that I ate all the potato waffles...there are none left....a tragedy 
Tired like hell. Even skipped the gym. Damn it! 
@macaroons I didn't even bother with it this year, esp w/o Terry! did i really miss out on something quite special? 
Maybe I should start an Earphone fund and ask people to donate. Good cause na. Hmm...... *boohoo*   
I'm disgruntled and disenchanted. So much for my WPF project; I was actually excited. 
@mattedmondson Nice one Matt - as they say up north, where i am unfortunately 
no more evensong 
No cell phone today, lending it to Christina. I hope she has fun. I always feel bad when I have to leave my guests alone in the city. 
Everything isn't really in your hands. My pal is really going through his hard times I can't even accompany him 
@aliciastacy3522 Oh, high school! Good luck with that. It'll be fun. I miss HS right now.  Hm, pretty much NOTHING. What a bluff.
@Georgiee_Porgie i know im so happy. i needed a break! i wish you could have a break too! 
Even #WolframAlpha cannot tell me how to mend a broken heart 
celtics lost this sucks!!!! very unhappy 
@dharshana My earphone has bid my goodbye!  I kept it sooo safely...and yet!!!
@terencefitz yeah thats pretty much true. I didnt think the action was all that great but others seemed to enjoy.  the story went nowhere 
@jmiAudreyHep so much fun with you tonight...gonna miss ur face...  cant wait for ur bday @ciorii duhhh yes please
I'm jealous of all the k-8 students who don't have to go to school tomorrow! 
@emihart you forgot the funnel cake 
@mmalkoff we will miss you  glad I got to see you, wish I'd had a good question for ya :-p
this is not fair. All the schools round herd are off today.. Except ours  goodbye year 11s
@daniellemhicks I know. such a cutie even when crying.  
My son is such a breakfast moocher, no matter what he gets mine always looks better. Unfortunately this doesn't work with vegetables. 
@tommcfly Bummer you have to wait a year  Think on the plus side. You get to see him for one lasttime before he retiries  Be amazing xxx
heyy,just went shopping, so over it now and i cant even drive becuase dads banned me from my car so he drove it and i cant drive his 
TeXTiN THe CuPCaKe. uPSeT THaT He WeNT ouT To THe CLuB  He GoT SuM eXPLaiNiN To Do!!! SQuaRe BiDNeSS... LoL
@praguematic Nooooooooo  but it is down that block. I had to park down the st and walk home. Awesome safety officer :/
@bittersw33tlove ive been kissing my teeth on purpose to listen to them say steup but it never happens 
@ALLIEINCREDIBLE call my fone asap cuz sumbody cakin hard on my shit rite now 
y did i do this to myself? crushed numb stupid and hurt is not even close to how i feel F!@# you! 
@AwesomeFrank i'm sorry to hear that  hate it when you feel bad.
@lavilicious Dude! U guys bought a boat?!. OMG! Awesome man!.. Ahh.. Take me with u.. 
I had SO MUCH FUN tonight. I have the best, most entertaining and talented friends ever. I might miss Noller after all 
Dicky tum and no sleep do not a happy Tony make  At least I get to end my day with a housecall further from home than when I started LOL.
@lavilicious Me wanna go sailing across the seven seas too.. 
Got a very upsetting, but long overdue wake-up call tonight. I've gained so much weight NONE of my summer clothes fit. At all. Damn... 
Just found out that a friends brother died  Funeral Tuesday. Another friend lost his mom on mothers day 
Everyone stop broadcasting how much fun you're having. I'm sitting in my room working on an endless report. It's FML x FOMO and it sucks 
@cuzimaboss I would rather that...its nuffin to do if he not out here...    I cnt even sleep....
Don't think iPhone will last the day, seems to have the superbatterywaste eveninstandby bug again 
@alfa3 dont know  im just not feelling very happy
The colon key of my wife's box has gone out of function. Bye for now, vi. Hello, gedit 
kinda depressed that I'm not going to all 3 days of Sasquatch. I just found out that Michael Tapper is playing with Bishop Allen monday. 
cant sleep  so im playing around on my new BlackBerry pearl! this thing is awesome
@Longshot1985 U said idk !! That's was a sarcastic Thanx lol.... This google check out isn't workin idk !!! 
This sucks so bad. It was sunny when I got up, and now its gonna rain. AGAIN! 
@kiwisnake I haveto be! I just need to do ok to get my 2i. I am so close it's not fair  I don't want a 2ii :'(
@djmoe713 lol my life is boring  i'm ALWAYS bored (sarcastic mf)lol
my head has hurt since 10am and i am not happy with that... over 12 hrs... 
@numberwon DDDD:  Damn moving to the front!  Can't even do homeork anymore 
going to see the dentist. not fun 
Can't you see I'm trying? I don't even like it 
@bea808 Ah...  What's wrong? To be honest, I can sympathize. I was listening to the radio and it made me somewhat depressed. 
All I can think about is that I have to be at work at 9am and I drank too much. Fun night. Taking audrey back to her hotel 
OMG mum got me up to Look after siblings and take them to school....So thats gives me even less time to prepare for My Date!  xx
@CatBickmore Unfortunately Miss Bickmore - me doesnt have iPhone  So couldn't tell thee.. Isn't settings at the tim next to FIND PEOPLE?
@AwesomeFrank -worries-  when's the last time you...? U know...
@dlawless next techkaraokesf you need to come up!! Bummer you missed the fun 
@jaysonkingsbeer i feel so envious now. hope we have a cool weather here too  too bad we're a tropical country 
wonderful, a skunk apparently couldnt hold his stink till he got home and made smellyness outside my house, drifting in the windows 
just got homeee. another day of family bonding. getting stuff situated for the funeral  i miss you grandpa
@TayBriBaby u dont even fux wit me anymore Taylor 
Luckily I shopped for rings ystrday &amp; they r cute. Maybe everytime I find a new awesome one an old one must B sacrificed 2 the ring gods 
@oc_tgirl oooh, I &lt;3 Vegas. Have fun!!!  I wish I was going soon. 
@AwesomeFrank which isn't healthy... At all.. Dont you think i'd know? 
@dreamer7231 what? what happened?hope you throwed up for fun reasons and not for illness  Good luck with the exam tomorrow!!!
Morning all  interweb connection borked here...joy! 
@manojnayak hey manoj, wont be possible for this 23rd, but surely come down for the next one, have fun 
@LanceKrall congrats on an awesome show, hope you get renewed unlike the sarah connors chronicles 
Has never been so happy to know that i'm going home.... But not until tmrw! 
@feebsquared damn! I have plans. That would've been awesome 
Fun day planned - have to stock up on make-up and party stuff for Erin's sleep-over..the joy  WHY! hehe
Is going to miss the AWESOME people she works with 
@Macy_meghs  haan yaar Hyd days were lovely.. life gets harder as time goes on..  with time it's less and less fun..
@geekaholic yeah they kinda dragged it for long. Coz of critics they want to give and end to it. Will miss Schofield.. 
@claudiachaouka1 oh it's real food poisoning, that's no fun  hope you're feeling better soon 
Woo. On the bus, then to @doppleganger_ 's place to play MadWorld. Awesome. It's still freaking cold  http://mobypicture.com/?vng94j
is upset cause i am not at the pussycat dolls and lady gaga concert 
Hmm, I think I should move the post ratings from the side bar into the post content. Barely anyone rates posts 
It was so nice and sunny this morning, now it's raining and grey 
@nettabrielle congrats girl!! I wish I wasn't at work tonight  but I know you did wonderfully! I'm soooooo proud of you!!
@luv2shopinay oh yeah the previews looked awesome 
@chriswindram rumours are not nice  don't be sad, you are a wonderful person  xxx
@laienne hgskfhkfhk!!! OMG, you look gorgeous in that piratey outfit!    Also, I am so jealous of your pancakes 
Happy birthday me!  Happy birthday evil identical twin! We're old 
Listening to incubus after seeing the black heart inertia video, why isn't it available to buy on itunes!? It's not fair 
YAY!!!! Weekend finally here!! but how can i enjoy when i have tons of homework!!!! 
Annoyed that Sainsbugs online isn't working 
@kayleelovexx Poor puppy! Puppies should never be sick, it's just no fun 
Man I'm a lil upset, no kole...  well I didn't see her
@stnihu delphic, deadmau5 AND little boot...lucky...lucky...lucky...jealous...jealous...jealous 
@xdarthtaberx i don't ever want to see you angry 
@TootsiiePop....so not fair I been askin for a movie date gurl..nobody wanna take me..  guess im washed up..lol
I don't know if you guys saw and I'm just late on the tweeting, but Gallery furniture went up in flames this evening. Crazy! So sad 
ANGRY - 3 days spent moving sites from one data center to the other notifying customers and planning - outage gets canceled - billable? n 
@corneliu I'm presenting at #auremix! I'll be there ... It's @ducas who's depressed about not being able to make it. 
6 am is far too early for a mixture of seventh graders and dirty school bus. Cringe 
@EricRobertsER Not happy to hear that about the Sex &amp; the City women 
Good day gone horrible. Watching &quot;Seven Pounds.&quot; I need better friends. 
Trying to wake up  Sudden and desperate urge to play Escape from Monkey Island... I'm sure I bought it for the Mac years ago!
Albuquerque show cancelled  not our fault, I promise. Unfortunate events, hope all is well!
@Redgie ugh he's even hard to watch on the hills. but he has my fav car  bmw 650
Off to my stressy job! So unhappy at the moment   Anybody want to employ a 37 yr old able lady?? Have cv ready.
extremly tired i need to twitter more. ive hopefully finished my tedts otherwise i wont be very happy 
@xo_mcflyandjb i don't remember  lol. and yayay. this is mean but im glad Tim and Bigzy are back on mon cause the others suck!
@amf7 my TV channels all disappeared  my reception's gone funny. sad times. you in the US? UK? elsewhere?
had too much fun and now can't sleep. 
really irritated. i swore i got my @dragon_con room reservation thurs-mon... but it says fri to mon. damn it! no con rate left thurs. 
@adii i was getting really excited yesterday cos I'd got my list down to 41 things. WRONG. it was counting incorrectly...  bugger
has an even fatter thumb today. 
@Gregory101  for fawn... Poor Tyrone. maybe a new buddy at some point? Ours is 7, has been healthy, happy. This is first hitch 4 her.
Pig dissection tomorrow  I couldn't even take the frog one yesterday ...
...the most! And when Lost comes back, given it's the final season...it's gonna be even worse. 
@rafenator I know   Tweetie posts them with Twitlonger wich is awesome as some times 140 just isn't enough.  Guess I'll be using both apps
got a day of spanish and re to day....... ow fun 
Isn't to happy about working 16hrs. Wish I just had a regular 9 to 5 job...    I wish I could see heather more..I lover her so much!
@Bluenscottish I tried, but she didn't even give me a chance to say anything!  I'll phone her just now to let her know I won't be able ...
I'm so upset. Our car window was shot out.... Again.... And they stole the GPS....  what JERKS....
@GarethCliff tres jealous, I still have a whole 18 hours to go 
I'm thinking that with three grumpy kidlets, one sick Mama and a tired &amp; overworked Daddy, Friday Family Fun Night aint gonna be too fun 
ugh....had fun at the club now im home n lonely.... ohhh the horror  so not cool...
@IAMtheCOMMODORE @RiskyBusinessMB @theroser @ThePISTOL hating how jealous we are and that we will never get to be at a ppp 
It's already sucking...I'm no longer excited about my birthday 
@AubreyODay Aubrey ! That's is soo not funny! I was heartbroken when that happened to you! I cried for weeks! 
dammit i am meant to be 'working from home' - then why on earth am i doing work? no fair... 
My mom's too busy to even get me my phone and apply for a new line. 
@cean888 argggh! i guess it really cant be controlled. but i guess, @applei can detect the cracked app users. 
i really want to get out of london for a bit, unfortunately this does not seem possible with all these RIDICULOUS deadlines 
@AubreyODay it's too soon to be joking about the DK break up...  lol I'm serious but I'm glad you're able to keep your head up!!!
@thepistol thats awesome! if i had the time and money i would fly in from michigan just to join one of the PPP! 
@Thepistol we even had a small gift for you 
Amazing climate in Bangalore' I don't feel like working in the office 
A word of caution to people, don't listen to conspiracy radio talk shows unless you want to feel depressed.  I did...... unfortunatly.
I had the most mediocre sex of my life earlier this evening  #fail
@teigan_jan i can but it sounds funny 
..the most! And when Lost comes back, given it's the final season...it's gonna be even worse. 
morning honeies - not fcuking happy, brothers flight cancelled 
is excited! Going Singapore Flyer, BUT Pipi has my camera!!!!!! 
almost done!!  I'm sad &amp; happy at the same time. lol.
@nessgoddess no bloody idea turned funny at footy seemed to have knackered I can't raise it above shoulder hieght or rotate it 
@mestaton Yes, i just got paid too. Would be happy if fiancee wasn't at a conference in Rome all weekend 
I just really excited when I felt plastic packaging in my goldfish crackers. But it wasn't a prize, it was a coupon for V8 fruit juice 
How could someone drive so recklessly and kill a cat?! I got there too late to even attempt to save it. I've never been so upset 
Im so frustrated! I cant sleep &amp; i have 2 be up in a couple hrs &amp; theres nothin good on tv 
@aimzsta Glad you found the store  I keep walking past it over the weekend. Everytime I gone past, it been closed  But love the styles
...I'm obsessing over. And when Lost comes back, given it's the final season...it's gonna be even worse. 
ok well, i'm sleepy now lol but i know i can't even fall asleep till like 2 in the morning  ugh
Too horny to function.  going to sleep.
@CathyBrowne That would have been so much fun to have you there! So sad!   hope things are good with you in un-california.
Up already on my day off lol gotta big spring clean to do today, joy!! Wish I was going to liverpool instead 
@starafar Ahhh Journey.... gotta love them ... even without Steve Perry 
@LJsBaby I'll be humping it!! lol I'm happy you're feeling better. welcome back girl,don't leave us again  xx
first fun video is postponed due to jury duty sorry 
Now upset.... Prob gonna have to put off buying the paint cuz my check sucked this week  damn it!
@dN_redNests @SweatyBurd  @shell_beach @penguinista Have a nice day off you lot. I'm only in part of the day (Need the dosh  ) Enjoy!
Awake now. Feeling a little less angry now. Shower is in use so I'll have to wait in line. Really not looking forward to work today. 
my doggy got into a fight and her eye got punctured.. now shes so out of it and looks miserable.. i hope she gets better soon 
@Ronda278 I'm so jealous!! I really do love her. I wanted to see her show in vegas but never made it out 
Need to get up early to get to SF for flight to NY, excited about going but really tired to travel 
@wolfhudson good party @ hydrate? im jealous . . .and working 
Watching highlights of Lakers/Nuggets game 2 on nba.com. Quality of play is awesome. Miss my NBA 
Sitting waiting to sit my recertification on PRINCE2, what a fun way to spend a Friday. 
I can't believe final exam is next week! I don't even remember the subject on 1st semester 
Depressed Finally got an iPhone and there is an new one on the horizon this always happens to me. 
@kashleyk1 ahhh I know.. Not fair  I miss her
Useful iPhone app in case of an acccident: http://tinyurl.com/d9yagz - Unfortunately US only 
@nadhirarchangel unfortunately there are not enough fans to make him as the american idol 
Useful iPhone app in case of an accident. http://tinyurl.com/d9yagz - unfortunately US only 
@rockstarcordova OMG glad to hear you're doing better. hard to picture u in sucha  shitty position  life is random
@biseskisses hi - I'm still working on a cold rainy evening 
Such a nice day today. I also smell aMazing...apart from the hairspray 
thinking about it i feel so frustrated. looking at him i feel so &lt;3 
@RachelEloise Thx, but the Lakers lost  But I did have fun..... and too much to eat.
I was going to have my mandate @magicbeef come home with me, but he decided to go home  Fun @ Nightlife and Cha Cha Cha afterwards though
i can't sleep. people i like are annoyed with me.  it's not a comforting thought. why doesn't anyone say anything? i like to apologize ...
@sonotawesome I meant for you to be included in that tweet.. but you is leaving soon 
i need more podcasts  even with #platformbiased this week there wasn't enough. Recommendations?
rough day at work today! Difficult dogs! Munchkin had a play date tonight. unfortunately she went home early with a tummy ache 
Angry i missed the train and the next one was an hour later!! Dont trust phone alarms 
I cut myself this morning when shaving  First time in i dont't even remember. Il felt like a beginner. Some wrong with the razorbalde!
@DazzleMeThis NO i haven't seen it yet  but now i have to see it.and omg that'd be wickedly funny to watch haha.
@meerasapra I hope it is Betty. I always liked her better. But Archie getting married also means no more of bitter-sweet rivalry. Boring. 
@elizabethalbery oh eek! Doesn't sound fun 
I think I'm disgusted. Have we been blacklisted at Bob's?  Maybe not.
@bethanie not happy 
 but idk, he like doesn't even want to be my friend,? Cause i'm trippin? Idk. It's his fault. And i can't handle it. Ughh. I Wanna Move!
look going to forks and LaPush is an amazing idea is it not? i wish @taylorswift13 was doing a concert in december 
@patrickallen have fun!!! Too bad vegas weren't the plans this weekend for me  that would have been fun!!! Now go get stupid drunk!
@prinsezha ~ aww, I was supposed to go with you!  but I have my board exam today  ON A FRIDAY! jealous. but glad you had fun partz!
now on 2359 BUT still got loads left to write...im guna have to edit this sooo much arghhh not even thinkin of the biblography yet 
@Zwenn Hehe! Yeah, still watching GG but Im getting less excited about it already. Have you been following? It's a bit boring now. 
@Llensposts Sorsogon is way in the south. Unfortunately won't have time for that.  
@djvinceadams dagnabbit I'm here and you aint even spinnin! Makes me sad 
@kiwikish25 ah!!!! You should have asked somEone!!!! I'm jealous 
@druidDUDE love you! and i really miss NLT!!!!!!  but i am glad things are working out great for each of you!,,does JJ have  a twitter?!
IT'S ALL FUN AND GAMES UNTIL MY NEIGHBOR DECIDES TO TURN OFF HIS ROUTER AT MIDNIGHT 
ill - i feel like someone has just got hold of my stomach and started strangling it, urgh  not fun http://tumblr.com/xao1ub01y
@rolosonfire awwahhh...graveyard  no fun
is going to try and sleep i have an upset tummy 
tired but not really drunk anymore. 80's cover band was aaaamazing. wish i got pics 
just got back from work and is upset 
@wolulcmit i cant study OR enjoy the weather as i got massive amount of course work to do. 
Glad it's Friday - It's been a sickly week 
about 13 hours ago, i bought the Kilo. SUPER EXCITED! i couldnt wait for an Orange Clockwork to stock up.   Kilo, i'll see you soon.
#itsc09 The Bris evening event tomorrow night sounds like the place to be! Not to mention the workshops. Pitty I'm in Adel 
Whaaaat?! TAYLOR SWIFT CAME IN MARCH?! I SERIOUSLY CAN'T BELIEVE I MISSED HER!! AND IT WAS SO NEAR WHERE I LIVE! NOOOOO!!! I'M SO UPSET! 
wants a laptop for her birthday. any laptop. as long as it functions. please. 
@awesomeful that's just wrong and hateful  those bitches deserve to die. Xoxoxo
Its not fair 
Extremely upset with this &quot;crisis&quot; business. All our friends are losing their jobs and being sent back to their respective countries. 
Picking my new baby up today, excited just doesn't cover it. Super sore from the gym - but that's what you get for not warming up! 
Finally beach! But no sun today unfortunately  http://twitpic.com/5oiko
back/neck pain, slight lack of internet, no sleep and stupid boys does not make for a fun night! 
@DAndrewRiley no    i think it's hopeless
@Contently I read that on your blog yest. Hubby and I were longdistance for a while when we started out. Frustrating  hug x
@AlexTrup : Yip Man is great movie indeed! Fortunately its the 1st episode ! Unfortunately the 2nd one is scheduled in 2011 
Tennis forehand improving again!! My sister just walked in on me naked... Not so good, I covered up fairly quickly, scarful occurance tho 
A small bug in your code can cost you thousands of rupees even if it is identified on time 
The 50mm 1.4 AF-S doesn't work on the D70s. ERR after taking shot and aperture isn't being controlled by the body.. I'm sad  Any ideas?
last night in Cali  then a whirlwind red-eye back to DesMoines... fun fun!
woo hoo it's Friday! and I don't have to go driving anywhere this evening... although I will miss seeing Kev  Boo.
@jeayese i dont even know who it was tho  im so upset 
@joyjoymato what time is it over there? Miss you 
Had fun working out with the wifey tonight. I missed Mia though 
@Wordridden They've been building a house next to us for over a year. Can I even describe how annoying that is at 6am for certain times? 
Also got a letter from Medicines san Frontiers, who we also sponsor... apparently life EVERYWHERE is pants.  I want happy news, MSF!!!
Very frustrating when somebody adds a parameter to a common function, but does not check all the other projects if it uses the function 
@walkingmushroom sabar  i know how disappointing that is   have fun dong masi ada temen&quot; hohoho have fuun yaaaa , have a nice prom 
Will have to do ALL of my packing tomorrow because of how the evening turned out  So should probably go to bed. It will be an EARLY rise
@RUBIO_Janet I'm doing ok. The lady unfortunately passed away on impact 
Everything's good except I've got a stuffy nose.  Anyway, it's Friday...Have fun at HOME~~
Eating mcdonalds waiting for nichoooooolas and count d!  This was an AMAZING night.  Just what I need.  I'm sad about snack size though 
@HeadlessBill  Peaches would make me very happy too. I have no fruit. 
veryyyyyyyy upset  but BOREDDDDD AS BROOO . what is there to do tonight!???!
Awwww ... have fun at your new jobs type thingy li  ..sucks you have to be up so early though ... gah college is shite 
Pool+awesome friends+sugar cookies+movie+taco+scary creepers everywhere we went=awesomely fun night. I miss my friends all ready. 
I really hated my cat today  poptwiz: do I keep a potentially dangerous and aggressive cat? But he is so awesome! Most of the time. Blah.
Headache + rain + exam= a perfect day for listening to the Smiths. Boohoo.   (Happy Birthday Morrissey)
@DavidArchie Hey David. Your so awesome. Too bad I got grounded the night before your concert. I even bought a VIP ticket. 
@taylorswift13 awe  you should get some rest tay tay! you did a wonderful job tonight! i hope ur all dried up from the water! lol. miss ya
I couldn't even watch Kris Allen win AI since everyone on Twitter spoiled it. 
I'm unhappy that Sarah Connor got terminated. 
@WhiskeyOnSunday  That's unfortunate. Is the time zone bit in the first part or the second? Because that's hilarious.
omg, have to be out of this apartment in 8 days, haven't even started packing? my lip hurts 
@davidchoimusic I know!  Sorry, lol.  New York is my home state so  and .  Hope you enjoy NYC.
Goooooood morning. I have most definitely got that Friday Feeling. And its a bank holiday. Happy Days. However Sami's last game tomorrow. 
It's either the lack of sleep or the painkillers which have drowsyfied me. See, couldn't even think of the right word for drowsyfied. 
glad was able to do the chores. my blister got really worst &amp; scary  http://plurk.com/p/vfclh
Depressed.....Missing Brady   I love you baby
@tzipib i wanna come to the beach with you guys!  have fun!
@AnnabelKaye type 2, stress related I'm told by doctor and is common today  hence relaxing cycle rides but want to push up mountains
Extremely busy day. Gotta wrap up a lot of stuff. Atleast 3 meetings in queue. Will miss the motherjane show at Le Rock in evening. 
@tishh lmao! i want to hear these stories. ive heard some funny ones already  i know... wish i was there too!! 
@tylen I don't even know what triumph is  wait right when i typed that--is it the wutang song?? i know the first part
@bella456 I get frustrated when she's like this. These r the times I REALLY hate her dad 
@LinaLam HAHA. that was fun, we gotta get the whole gang to that place ! and sit at the random dock that we couldn't stay for 
@saffrontaylor yup tell me about it, I was trying not to bang my head against the wall while it was on,I was even thinking about reading 
@Pink Awesome Wish I was going 
@RupertHill hi rupert, u ok??wish it was sunny here in hull its pouring with rain  xxx
@mellicakes nessie's hair is awesome. also. random comment? I really miss you 
@sarahwong Wow amsterdam... have fun! I have work tomorrow  Only a half day though thank goodness. Freezing my ass right now.
Now I feel hopeless and desperate and lonely 
About 30 minutes left at work. Happy b-day dad! Have to come in at 1900 instead of usual 2100.  ~88~
Fuckk. This chest pain is unbearable 
@houseofturtle have lots fun and my apologies - am still at my desk 
i seriously hate my job.  so unhappy
I hope @primajess is having lots of fun! Miss her and sad I couldn't see her tonight  I'm off to bed. Early morning! xo
Watching the new clip of Modern Warfare 2 on Gametrailers, makes the release date seem even more further away than it is 
@chrispalko is that a 'bad' 6.5 out of 10 then? because I consider 6.5 out of 10 to be fairly good man. I'm a big Termnator fan 
Really enjoyed ER last night, can't believe it finishes next week   Loved Bones too, wasn't expecting Booth to really be ill eek!
Omg its so cold  eek. Had yummy chessecake for puddying =] Jealous much?
just made it into north carolina! even more uncomfortable with my mom laying on me now..cant sleep  4:30am..
Found out that it's so easy for people to just say 'sorry i can't' without even trying first. I should learn to do it.  
@Funzafunza Tried Nambu for iPhone http://tr.im/nambu4iphone as an alternative? Also free. Personally haven't tried either. Got no iPhone 
watching Desperate Housewives on TV. Season 2 &gt; Season 5. I miss the old characters 
Ace of Cakes made an amazing cake for a Navy fleet. &amp;Now I want a piece. Not of the cake, but of my sailor. hmph 
@digibawb I remembered it to be awesome 
@sammydabammy i'm so sorry, that happened to me wednesday. no fun  feel better dear
@letmesign I know  lol. Ahhh, poor you! Have you seen any of the rumours about the new iPhone? It's gunna be awesome if half are true1
Annoyed Joey isn't coming back. Wont be watching HAA again any time soon!!!! 
Enjoyed seeing all the dogs romping on the common this morning but didn't enjoy the chain slipping off the bike on a hill 
#mostboringtweets sorry, must go now I'm even boring myself 
@Mirthis Well, then you'll be delighted to hear that the new #noagenda still hasn't dropped... 
@angrya sounds like fun, i miss camping, none of my friends now are into it 
@samitbasu sadly,i cant even hold a brush straight 
@gfalcone601 you took our good weather! i thought it was going to be sunny this morning, got outside, and i was soaking wet in seconds 
@hellojenuine Thats not fair. I want 2 day weeks 
Took the plunge and got DMC:Greatness, now I have to wait for the fair to come back to town 
Amazing number of Turkish spam in theaquarium's comments. Cleaning up... 
@missyjule Have busy day...first meetings, then GP. Have a bad ear infection, very sore   And then a birthday later. Enjoy ur day off!! xx
Bummer! Just collected from the dry cleaners my new $300 skirt that had red wine spilt on it 1st wear - stain hasn't come out...annoying 
@Bhawna_Sharma and you are not happy with that? :/ /me has a 512 kbps connection only! 
Why oh why oh why oh why am I attracted to people who need fixing?  It isn't even the person it's the desire to make someone better.  
I AM VERY UPSET THAT KRIS ALLEN MARRIED. 
Watching Harold &amp; Maude, then sleeping for an eternity. It's been a fun week, but I need the rest. On the downside, my laptop is dead. 
at work...no fun!! 
@FelipeAzucares hah. was that sarcastic? so many people hate on it  but I embrace its many faults!
Tsk, been there before mate. Made a multi lingual CMS then was told by my boss to fill in the content, took aaaages. 
bass is failing. Shady emos have stopped dancing  now im depressed hahahah jks rockets r nxt!
Happy 5th bday to my godson RJ!  I wish I could just visit, but he's in Guam.    And my cousin Beth's due date is today.  Eeeks goodluck!
@tsarnick I know i saw that..  I am glad she is ok! thank god!
@gulpanag lucky u maann..my boss has cald me to work even tomoro...n me had made elaborate plans for da weekend bak hom in pune 
ooh my twatter is defunct... 
@MinuteDesigns Tsk, been there before mate. Made a multi lingual CMS then was told by my boss to fill in the content, took aaaages. 
@Peircy ha hope u havin fun walkin.  Have a good night  wish i was comin
The clouds have taken over the skies. What a pity, from the perfect weather to a miserable one 
.@ShaddyBabeBiTch yeah i think it was the first good day of the week, even though @MissxMarisa got stabbed &amp; is in hospital!!! 
I AM VERY UPSET THAT KRIS ALLEN IS MARRIED. 
the east coast forecast has gone from a waist high fun wave this weekend to FLAT 
i seriously hate my job.  so unhappy: i seriously hate my job.  so unhappy http://tinyurl.com/pfosp3
Haha yes it is long  I'm sorry! But I didn't like any of the short ones unfortunately! Its really plain, its a black, long halter
.@ShaddyBabeBiTch she texted me &amp; i spoke to her mom. she's obviously in pain, but stable. not sure how bad it is 
Spending too much time browsing the net when I should be checking a map!  And Happy Birthday mum - sorry you got your pressie early  . . .
@mjfh81 still at least you only have today to go, ive got today and tomorrow then my weekend kicks in  what made you angry?
Sorry tweeple  I'm still feeling pretty miserable so my tweeting isn't up to par 
@Wossy A good weekend for celebrating birthdays - Morrissey, @cvblack and . . . moi! If only I had a sniff of their talents 
Too sunny to be in the office - looking forward to getting in the sea this weekend.  Boots and gloves me thinks!  A little surf I hope? 
cramming is not happening...can not contentrate with this pain   I hate exams and backs!
@BgirlShorty I'm so excited u guys r coming. I hope I can go. Got graduation that weekend.  busy busy... But stoked.
 my camera broke today.. so upset! but i am sending it to fix. So i really hope they can fix it before next week or so D:!
@Ellen_Stafford @julesyog Morning - how's you?  Not much sleep here, latest news is she is critical for next 2 - 3 days  need some hugs x
@ladymaryann it shouldn't be considered as denial....I don't enjoy that rumor 
back to work  went to see Chicago Tuesday...brilliant. Aoife Mullholland was playing the lead role and she did a great job!
My head's still aching.  Unfortunately, I couldn't sleep. Pbbft. WHY??
1st day at work and I'm sooooo bored I have nothing to do...  and I'll be at work Saturday too... I was so excited y-day but  def not now
Upset about the house 
Ah the joys, sitting at work right now...bored 
it's so unfair. the north coast is flooding and we're in major drought 
Man. Enough with the CB jokes already dudes. It's not funny anymore. 
is about to dose off at central, even with a stabbing. So tired! 
Is there any ground colder and more miserable than the Carlisle Grounds in Bray! 
I hate dreams like that  make me end up being jealous of myself.
@nina_oliver unfortunately no  try aol?
@jtothe9 not for me  Not fair!!
I don't even have anything in my fridge to make lunch.  Need to go and buy some food.
@joyce_ap ive been to cebu and bohol na. 
Just so so glad it's Friday - had a looooooooooooooong week 
if it were up to me I would make today international Joy division day... but is not so I guess its just friday 
@kitabet stop it!! You're getting me all jealous - I want to go too 
@sunbug Yeah I've been feeling achey too, and sore throat and upset stomach.   Not good.
@MissRed187 I wish I was there, instead I am at work...for another hour even.  
Actually it's not just a #v2powercut, it's everywhere in Vashi, maybe even Navi Mumbai Power is expected to return only after 4 pm 
@BTCare the line has gone dead again  ... No dialling tone even!!
hi honeybun @jocelynbrooks I'm fine..just can't sleep still  I hope you had fun swimming!
@srhmae awesome! a place to stay when I travel the States! but I'll miss you though 
i just found out some very upsetting newsss  *sniffle* off to swim!
@bgermainx thanks for making fun of me  this isn't my ideal vacation, ok!
@RaviKapoor I tweeted about it releasing today  By I swear I found some confirmed reports on that, even bookmyshow had it for this Friday.
OMGGGG havent tweeted for so long  id just like to say thank you to @dommerghz for saying happy birthday on tuesday  the end.
@therealtoriamos  where is my UK Itunes code?   Why do you bother with these jerks. Next time sell tickets fairly please.
3rd week being sick   no fun at all
There is only 1 dude at my work I would bang; what a sad state of affairs. 
Lost Stuco elections  Secretary position  But is glad to have experienced democracy firsthand and now understands the point of ISA
I was so so upset ystrday thts y no tweets 
The inspirational convo with uncle made me wanna weep weep. ???????. 
@ livittodalimit &quot;A&quot; major call. They blew a few. Unfortunately now we have to win one in denver 
Allow me to tweet away my frustration....just got spoken to in such a derogatory way on the phone by a very nasty man 
Back/bellys starting to hurt  McFly to accompany me and calm me down :'] 5mins from seeing @Jamie182 &lt;3
Unfortunately, the Hurricanes didn't claw back the &quot;temporary&quot; advantage they gave the Chiiefs 
@quinnifer_ you booed him! Quinn, you are terrible! XD I'm still bitter I can't go see them on Monday, there's still tickets 
@dbdc That is good news..and its Friday..even better!!! Yeah i am, will be a laugh! Shall miss my Twitter family tho..no tweets till Mon! 
@MissMary you really didnt get the sarcastic response to when people say they are deaf 
Disappointed Adam Lambert lost american idol  and is well upset prison break is over :'(
Is hugely annoyed a a stupid direct debit taking me overdrawn - multiple bank charges on the horizon.... 
@HappySinger The ONLY way I can persuade you otherwise is to demonstrate my faith to you - and we are 11000 miles apart  I'll pray 4 now
Sorry, @ECS_Dave @ElmerHurlstone and I can't stay online  24/7 @annoyedgirl Yeah but for some reason the net seems boring 
Is starting to realize that he has NO job skills pertaining to today's job market. Seven years of working is slowly going down the drain 
@princessamymo That's awesome.  Glad you dig it... We should have more recordings on the way. We still need a bass player though. 
i feel upset  i know exactly the reason behind my sadness.. but i'm just too afraid to acknowledge the truth-that he is the reason why
@bradiewebbstack jealous.   I'm sick.    It's so cold here.
i've lost 17lbs and im not satisfied..  i wanna lose more
miss all the fun, the nuts, the smile, the innocent, and the laugh out loud!!! 
@Pink, hey! i tried EVERYTHING to get  to your concerts but the hospital im in wouldn't let me . im so motherfucking upset 
@frankievizzle when u sleep does ur brain really rest? somehow i think urs is going all the time! happy long weekend! i gotta work monday 
was playing a funny show yesterday, but has headache today 
@reemakoul there is some1 around me who always work like that reema di.. he even take all his calls on his desk 
@bradiewebbstack thats not fair  come to mi party to make up for it..? lol
I can't do anything and not even in the mood to get up out of bed 
ooh sore PT swag on a negative 9 . imma bout to watch the game reruns and have a cup of tea .  i miss the game 
working on getting stick thin even though it's impossible. awwww. 
@eBeth unfortunately it's me that pongs today 
even though i spent my day getting signatures for my clearance, i still didn't get to finish my paper work today 
is going to go buy chocolate because she's so damn depressed about the fridge. I don't want to cancel housewarming party 
1st bad: thought we'd checked in but hadnt. seats gone. not together. thk god its not my fault. ppl upset. 
@gchild_ you would say thats fun lolz... aye yoo we need to chill already 
@24lbsofBoost No. But I'm upset. I was really worried 
Off to Newcastle. what fun... 
@vangeest it is unfortunately 
@thatissochacha if he does... Peter i lovd u n i stil do Even tho jo wil ask u out soon i wont stop even tho i should n FUCK YOU  xo
@henryofchang lucky at least you're doneeeeeee  have fun in SD
@ErinSchmidt awww crap  that's no fun!
wishing i went to the melbourne high social instead of staying home. seemed gay before but it sounds like fun now 
@sirahsirah Onto 3rd reward each of which work for a short while but then he starts wailing again, unfortunately. Very unhappy chap 
I just listened to &quot;Very Proud of Ya&quot; by AFI and I must say I miss the old AFI 
God, I miss the rock, Even if it was for WWE 
@ladybug8320 Well, glad u did. You should twitpic images. Though pic stealing might be an issue  Will peruse more &amp; follow your work.
it's sunny outside and ive got a cold  - gutted !
@DylanWrankmore You lucky fish! Mine doesn't even turn on if it's not plugged in  look after your battery!
@liamyoung I had free rain of the jukebox. So it was awesome. Hahaha. How's life in b town? I've not ben paid. Again. 
Oh well, its your perrogative whether to believe me or not so ok then fair enough  xx
What makes it even worse is that there is never going to be anymore Prison Break!! I ask you what is a man to do, WHAT is a man to do!! 
In bed ... to get up or to stay in bed??? It is sunny out 
getting even more sick in this hot weather 
Just watched my favourite singer lady gaga on rove (: was awesome. so wish i could've gone to see her when she came to new zealand 
is glad today is his last time he has to work 8hrs...school, 8hrs...family 4 hrs, 1hr...other, and only 3hrs sleep 
I'm not a happy bunny. My fishy died 
Work wank comp wont let anyone log in to anything. No fun net for me today 
Camping ALL next week with no internet so no Tweeting  Happy B'Day to Ashley Massaro 2morrow ;-)
@RatheeshP The best would have been External Affairs ministry! Disappointing  ...  
@garymeyerza shame  that doesn't sound like fun! enjoy LAN! whoo hoo.
thank goodness, ive passed my mother tongue. Miracle but I am not happy though. I want either an A1 or A2 
@paul_robinson I was /this/ close to tweeting &quot;I'm going on a blind date in Manchester tonight.. excited!&quot; but no-one else would get it 
Have to learn now  Even if the weather is a.m.a.z.i.n.g. outside (
@The_Cameo that makes me 10,000 times more jealous. 
fuck! i hate streaming seasons of shows online. got to an awesome part then it said ive watched 72 minutes must wait 54 more to continue. 
@NathL  i'm so tired of fighting with their unorganized cargo department, who can't even get their own procedures straight...
hopeless.. 
@DazedMagazine I couldn't find it anywhere. I was deeply upset 
One of the many joys of being the boss... Driving to the office at 2:45am because the alarm was set off by a low battery!!! 
@CheeseKakie It's more painful today than it was yesterday. It's sunny today, too but I can't go outside. 
i seriously hate my job.  so unhappy: i seriously hate my job.  so unhappy http://tinyurl.com/pfosp3: i seri.. http://tinyurl.com/r6o7tr
I'm sorry if my icon is messed up. Wanted a new one and now it displays nothing... Tweetie even gives an error 
A beautiful day, great clouds.  Why am I not balanced on a thermal beneath them?  Oh yes...money 
is in Business Studies  so so so so happy its friday ! yeyyyyyyyyy But not so happy about the terrible rain  x x x x
I'm hungry and have a stomach ache at the same time. Not fun... 
@MabelKwanAiyoh bobo..jangan marah. I never get to enjoy Fridays also cause i WORK on saturdays 
Great sunny weather. Missed the RVA update. It was 3 a.m. here.  My favourites where allready sold out. 
@Miss_Melbourne im jealously hoping you girls are having a great time!  next time, i hope its soon??
surprised i am liking the new prodigy tune quite a lot (helped by awesome video)...think ive finally grown up &amp; the britney days are over 
@rebekahnew she's not even in the final 
Unfortunately my meetings went late today so no @m0nty at @MTUB today.  Maybe after footy season is done.
@amateurhour @shreenas the sad thing is that I'm not even sure if I'm joking or not... 
@EnglishRose75 LOL, it's great!!! The weather is nice too!!! Fantastic! I'm back on tuesday though  How's you?
@Awesomescapes really awesome, just one photo though 
I'm fully aware now that ill never be happy and fullfilled!!!  P.S. DO NOT TAKE PITY!!!!!
@astridallstar not funny  you are mean 
@Xclusivity i love wet willies 1 of my fav places down south beach....im jealous now 
@SGisler Unfortunately no  But Cops is on!!! I love this show ;D
@dj_wonder Just about! I live near there so its all we have  lol Other than that - sun and fun! What are you up to this w/end?
off to bed upset after a long night !  @ My Place http://loopt.us/x4L68g.t
fuck! i hate streaming seasons of shows online. got to an awesome part then it said ive watched 72 minutes must wait 54 more to continue. 
Played soccer in the rain for 80mins. Drenched from head to toe. Had little puddles in my shoes, was much fun. But we lost 
Kings of leon were amazing tonight!!! All I want to do is listen to their albums..   gtg to sleep though 
@NBkorey I tried to get tickets to ND/Paramore but they sold out in about 10 minutes.    Have fun!
@JonasAustralia unfortunately its over  the show was okay.they didnt fuck it up. unfortunately.... ONE DAY!
I wish I'm living in fairytale world 
will watch a feel good movie.  I'm depressed (tears) http://plurk.com/p/vg2sz
@JenniTombe @culdo nothing too serious just anaemic related unconciousnesses. I feel so beast  and still having to work euch!
@racheliona_ Haha..I think ill be lucky if i get a D!! Yup  The joys, not really looking forward to physics! Hopefully ill manage to ...
Didn't even get to see Hammer...  
enjoyed me day off yesterday but back to the grind today 
Just got notification of four new followers, got excited, then found out there of them are spam accounts. Sad 
seems that my travel partner have not even booked the hotel room. really hoping that we won't be sleeping on the beach 
kinda late but i have a severe craving for frosted flakes right now. or top ramen. unfortunately, i have neither. 
wishing I was out having fun with @eeks_ 
omg, I sent a txt to the wrong #. Now this angry woman called me &amp; I feel so bad. Stupid changing #'s. I feel so embarrassed 
@Adrienne_Bailon looks like i missed it  o well, hope u had fun!!
@Adrienne_Bailon please do that cause I heard you were awesome last time but I missed it 
still upset that adam didn't win american idol...  #andyclemmensen #bradiewebb #andyclemmensen #bradiewebb
getting frustrated again from having to work with spaghetti code 
#followfriday.. @bellaclara (she likes playing cello nude..wont give me a concert though  ) and her wonderful friend @sniffyjenkins (sigh)
@RealLadyGaga r u enjoying the freezin weather? haha please watch out in queensland theres floods everywhere i wld die if you got hurt 
@thatkkbitch mine was very stupid but fun nevertheless. My mom hated it, though, she'd never want one again! 
Headin to work... So excited 
@ work w/ stomach ache  song of the day http://tiny.cc/LrjMz ..'njoy it!
@theawesomeman http://twitpic.com/5om6y - 
@xoxojoannamarie eeek sry I'm late bg...but happy brithday baby! I tried 2 send myself 2 u but it didn't wrk 
@Jennyc28 Not even thinking about that. Just can't wait for the break- haven't had one since Christmas, really... boo! 
@iampissed NO! You didn't remind me.. if they don't replay I will cry  Who was more excited than me?! No one.. weekend ruined lol
I can't even go.  Oh well. There's always a next time. Hopefully this Sunday'll be fun, the other aspects of Sunday. Since hanging (cont)
@jaysonstreet SHADDDUP! So not fair, if I had expendable income I would go, in a heartbeat, but no I'm a housewife  FX &amp; Berlin = &lt;3
@outsideorg am now upset that my dragonfruit &quot;vitamin and mineral enhanced beverage&quot; may not be all it's cracked up to be 
TGIF!!! Even though it's Friday, I still don't want to go to work 
It's useless trying to study with the pot noodle song stuck in your head...I love making pot noodle, more fun than throwing a poodle..  
there seems to be some issue with maps and ie. as usual  funnily it works in ie7 and not 8
@paulmonkey  sorry you have a meeting  Hope you and @danmonkey have a wonderful weekend.  Must get together soon. xxx
Hi Everyone! Happy Friday! hope you have a good one. I'm still on holiday - off to beach now. Home again tomor 
as fun as it seemed at first to have the room to myself all weekend, I am in need of a hug already  awoooo.
can't move, can't walk and so can't even enjoy the beautiful day  #thx to ..http://is.gd/C7Gx
@changeincolors it's so weird you're just waking up and i haven't even gone to sleep yet.  brutal schedule is brutal
My god my feet, walked for 10 mins in my new glads and my heels are cut off me! Plasters please 
@fantasticpru Oh you poor bunny     Hope mouth is not so sore now x
@Alyssa_Milano I think what you're doing is fantastic! But woe I am in the UK and I can't find Touch to ship here for a reasonable price 
@GeordieEK tang as in TANG? i miss that stuff.. you guys have fun  i agree with joolz.
@joshhh91 It is a fantastic game, but my update is taking forever so I can't play for a while.  Buy it while it's cheap, bro.
Why bother even trying..it's not like it's appreciated anyways 
Hangover just a little bit  Nice sunny day tho. Also felin rather hungry right about now fancy a burger of sorts maybe a mcdonalds hmmm
desperate for dry shampoo right now... 
I'm so annoyed i fell asleep during how to lose friends and alienate people, i really wanted to see it 
On the way to camp at last. Think I might have offended someone at the meeting earlier, and it bugs me. 
I'm goin 2 make my house clean, this isn't hm, I'm depressed, annoyed and really feel like I hate everythin at the mo 
@FranklinDavid and if we lose personal imports, ISSF's going to strangle here, even at 300m with vintage stuff 
@caitystack oo and have fun with that hw i will to soon yayy sooo looking foward to it...NOT 
@sangupta I'm jealous  its a horrible weather here....
Glad it's Friday but I don't get a longer weekend! 
@casual_intruder Yeah it's meant to be terential rain this weekend! BOO. I have a fun day with work that i need to work 
@pete_darby you Twittery expert: I don't even know what that means 
@igrabjelly Me too. :3 But the person who made my coffee this time, isn't the same as the last when I got it (which was awesome). 
I've gone through all my fashion mags even old ones, I'm a little bored 
@Moraita yep even without bags. Yeah it was 0 but it has changed now 
@ladygaga I JUST caught your interview on Nova! That was awesome!! Just wish i had tickets to the shooowww!! 
@grievousangeluk it should be up here later... http://www.rinsefm.blogspot.com/ ... no riko again unfortunately 
@davidsteven I know.. I think it going to run and run and run. 
@CollingsA - I will be watching&amp;enjoying Maconie on HIGNFY, thanks for the info! Despite the fact that he once called me stupid on radio 
@GlamourFrog Ya I guess so. You try to share your snacks Cat just eats his not even telling or offering.  *Huggels*
@lynnali2 Enjoy the sun tis raining again now 
@tasshh i know it sucks D: i even tried in the american store but it still didn't work 
My stomach feels funny  *eugh*
The Sky is Blue, The Sea is calm!,   The Sun is beating down on the Beach! Must be my Weekend to work!!!!!!!!!!   
@FONEJACKER12009 yeah im goood! still in bed like haha, wanna do something fun!, need to start revising for exam in thursday 
I should be outside to enjoy the beautiful weather, but instead I am waiting at the dentist for an hour long session. 
@rosaliestar it won't even start anymore 
sore tummy, and don't enjoy flying when feeling ill   At least it's only a short one
@calmol happiness is a warm gun  ha!
Wake boarding at 9am  y is having fun so much work
@ ValveNews Riiight, stop achievement farming by just giving unlocks away. They should just improve security not destroy awesome gameplay 
@ValveNews Riiight, stop achievement farming by just giving unlocks away. They should just improve security not destroy awesome gameplay 
The brush isn't really soft and the aplication isn't really even  Oh well, I will work it out. At least the product is great!
Up thinking about my boy Kerry....man...why is he not here!!! That shit isn't fair!!! R.I.P Kerry &quot;Kare Bear&quot; &quot;Mijo&quot; Flores! 
hang over to work is a bad idea. plus my left leg is not functioning. missing Nita's birthday dinner 
- @alistair - ooh, Blake's coffee house do the nicest choc fudge brownies! So jealous; would join you but I'm stuck at work 
@GinoandFran @monicafrancesca @ginoboi Just got home guys. I'll just enjoy the remaining minutes of the show. I haven't heard QQ &amp; WOTD 
feel so upset of the recent Biology test 
but somehow i dont have a very good feeling about this trip. Dont know if i'll be having that much fun..  i'll miss you!
Caffeine didn't help, woke up late but at least it wasn't a school day. Yay study leave even if it means i have exams coming up 
just now falling asleep. been throwing up, awesome... nawt. 
Nooooo I have to do something web related with yell.com  noooooooo thought my friday would be easy.
The NEW Yankee Stadium is amazing!  But, I miss the ol' ballpark. Just not the same  Goooo Yanks! -Bri
@xbllygbsn 10mins then ;). even jus the NY one ;). awwh whaa  i can pure see you in them  lol ;)
@Lombear  #graze Bit annoyed.. have to leave early now.. so may not get to eat it at all - rotten fruit on my desk on Tuesday then 
My sanity, skin and taste buds depend on oils: tea tree, rosehip, evening primrose, olive (EV + normal). Ran out of EPO, feeling v. moody 
Im worried for my wonderful friend Helen who has told me she has got an addiction. Im hoping she can pull through this tough time 
@neszlifeasmcrmy i miss you too  i was so worried. Well, today's my last day of school b4 the break... Glad u feel better. Love you.
Left without even saying anything 
you aren't copy cats, just a bad bad unfortunate coincidence for my band 
in the library, laptops still broken  the techguys collected it early yesterday morning! i didnt know there was another 8 o clock!
@musewire you aren't copy cats, just a bad bad unfortunate coincidence for my band 
@simplyu Hey! Sorry just got your tweet.  Have fun!
Left without even saying anything. You know I was there 
@jonasbrothers please add another date in ireland..me and my friends are really upset cause the tickets were sold out in 9mins!!  
No celtic rock  - boohoO!  More time to study though so the rents will be happy
On my way to Tours. Sad to be away from my man for a few days  I will enjoy the family for now 
I have &quot;No Boundaries&quot; stuck in my head. That's bittersweet. 
Left without even saying anything 
Omg. It's not even 6, yet. 
@dmeeno @geevongore  haha i guess i'm just really foul mouthed  im PROUD of it though. it's my scummy roots :L
is not going to have fun taking care of her kids today/cleaning the house with a hurt back and neck...  
@Alyssa_Milano was extremely DISAPPOINTED to find Touch clothing cant be sent to Australia, very very sad  i was so excited at the clothes
Wishing it was tonight already... This is going to be a fun day 
@stevenleedawson awww  poor wee you ..  just think of the amazing paula brown and you will be hap hap happy 
@ToYKillAS U know it? funny  It was a place where I jogged but stadtwald is still better. To late, I've to write it in few hours 
Happy Birthday to Mozz! how I wish I was going to the Apollo tonight 
So fuken cold..its not funny!!                             =[
Can't even sleep in my bed anymore. My chair has become my new sleeping place. After I drink to oblivion to try &amp; forget. Not working.. 
@SkinFaceMcGee  I just liked passing on travel bugs.  I had a few but they were all awesome, so they got stolen.  
It's so unfair they make all kids awards, on the last day of school, at the same time. I have 4 kids. 
Still upset that Adam didn't win 
So glad that Kris won American Idol.  The press is still all about Adam, calling them both &quot;winners&quot;.  Had Adam won? &quot;Kris Allen? Who?&quot; 
Excited senior Tweets make me jealous. I have to come back 
My boyfriend is outside, but I can't even see him. Sad 
back from Salou, was awesome but now im knackered and ill  back to wok tomorrow! xxx
how amazing does katy perry look in the waking up in vegas video! i'm sooo tired 
@LizUK Unfortunately not, living where I do doesn't mean I can get to many signings - actually I've not gone to anything except Eastercon 
6am came way too fast. 7am came even faster. headache, still tired. wish I could pul a Maryanne today...i have work ethic, not happening 
english is even more dull than german 
Haven't tweeted (is that even a word, LOL).Getting ready for what seems like will be a rather long day  But, Monday is a holiday, no work!
Ugh, I've forgotten how to function this early.  Oh! 200th tweet!
Morning all I jus woke up :0 feel well lazy  gota go doctors AGAIN with mum she still not well :| hope all yr 11's enjoy their last day !!
@bethfinan_x I know beth, totally not happy  x
@AndyParkes unfortunately, the way things are I think some people will listen to them 
Happy its friday! Unhappy its early. I want food 
@superfungo any chance you can come in at 9:30am for a meeting? We have some stuff to go over. 
my bbq is tomorrow i'm so excited but i have a feeling it's gonna be really lame dunno why so much thing to do so much time left 
@shermaineee ME TOO  !! ugh but no choice. I had my fair share of afternoon classes and squeezing into peak hour trains. H8 H8 H8
Up bright and early, have a funeral to attend this morning to support my friend through her time of pain 
@missmei I know - I hate psssst!! Is Reading fun then? I miss uni 
waking up with two detached eyelashes UNDER your eyelid is not a pleasant thing... 
2 weeks of vacation, 3 days of evening shifts, one day off.....and then a random 7am shift thrown in just to throw me off.  i'm sleepy 
Normally really happy to finish early on a Friday, but I've nout to do 
@CharleyBoorman I am unbelievably envious...one of my biggest ambitions right there and you get to to do it on a normal day out 
@andreiiak how was disecting a frog? fun? you are so mean 
traffic jam in this jakarta's evening... ahhhh 
@Showbiz_Cousin crap I forgot to wish u a happy anniversary yesterday, had a busy long day 
wants a response from all of you!!! (tears)  (unsure) (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/vgj5a
@Classlicity YAY!!! That's awesome!  Also, this cookbook is worth it's weight in gold, srsly.  Library says it's overdue   But thanks!
can u get jealous over a friend? 
HOLY SHIT that maths exam was sooo hard! even the smart people thought it was hard so i've deff failed 
@paigeebaby hhaha awww  lols your so lucky im so jealous lol
@lilmissjanisha Slumdog was awesome. I enjoyed it. Not doing much tonight - have work early tomorrow morning so will head to bed soon 
is sick with teh fever.  but im so happy that my baby took care of me yesterday the whole day so i'm feeling so much better 
bloody hell! left 20 minutes! plus, it was the climax of the movie. not satisfied 
@mathewsanders yep! will tweet em out for all to enjoy  i left my phone at home today tho so will have to wait til i get home 
glad to say turu's pc is back up and running- downside is the internet speed has now halved 
Happy Friday, but I have to work Sat so still no weekend for me. 
Lunch time and I have cheese sandwiches, how old skool! It's miserable where I'm working today, horible rain clouds 
...talking to mommy. she feels guilty about clashing plans w/black &amp; white affair party.  still undecided to go tho..
Another fun HTML email afternoon in store for me, featuring tables, nested tables, and inline styling  
@addersop oh  I really cant get my head round that attitude, how can they rationalise that opinion.
i was just listening to music on tv, and kinda enjoying the tune, i look at the tv, and its miley cyrus. my ears need disinfecting 
currently at geah's house.. having so much fun.. bout to watch a movie... geah has to work in the morning   i have 6 hours to kill!!
@paigeebaby awwww  haha no good luck have loads of funnn ;)
how did this even  happen? can i just rewind and to the last 4 years over? i wish so badly i had stressed a little less. im not ready 
@littleh83 but i enjoy the drama  your harsh
Ugh. I never thought I'd hear myself say this, but......not too happy it's Friday.  Going to the oral surgeon at 1. ((sigh)) Wish me luck.
Boo, I got paid $650ish and down to $300 already  stupid bills. Should be lower but wanted a lil fun money/bike crap (and Kiehl's)
The joy of refactoring. 
@OweeW meh,, ill go as a fairy.. coz im cool like that.. except my skirt is kind of short. so ill be  cold 
Today is my babies last day of elementary school. She's growing up....I'm sad.  and happy at the same time.
Spock doesn't seem to like these biscuits! If he's not happy, I'm not happy 
@dudboi yes #followfriday is whn u recommend ppl cos they r interesting or fun or whatever.n i can't DM u back. cos u didn't add me. 
@BrittGoosie fair enough. It MAY be something connected to you..but that DOESNT mean people have to be mean about it 
@Kanzi_XxX This Moring, awesome stuff but its finishing now..  Having lunch then? x
@TomDavenport amazing isn't it?!don't finish making world 3 puzzle before you get the star like I did  hint: the corners!
I ask you to please pray for Gavin.He doesn't deserve to go thru this again  So upsetting http://www.caringbridge.org/visit/superherogavin
@veryhappythings mine hasn't 
@thinksea why do i got the feeling you're angry at me again? 
@_Miss_Mia_ the bastard won't give it back  tho I'm happy I &quot;only&quot; have to pay '1k in July (had expected it to be more like '4k!)
miserable  at the storeeee
@TakeThatCity Thanks! Btw I love your blog! I can't contribute sadly, am all the way here in Asia where The Circus is not even promoted. 
@MissMary creaaaaaaaam! I have to squeeze in loads of rev. Havwent done any u see  I promise after the 29th it'll be funfunfun again!
Realizing that, even if I get this job in Jiyugaoka, I'll need to borrow money to pay move-in fees for an apartment. 
Fridays are not fun when there is nothing to do 
@megsimone You got me going there! Have a fun day today, and a good wedding on Sunday- though not yours 
@OweeW umm most of the worksheet thingys,but some of the answers i cant find,so i gave up.. gosh im hopeless 
..and im very bored. i wanna go fair tonight 
@dracos too much to do before I head to Glasgow! Think I'm going to have to give it a miss unfortunately 
Went carting. It was fun, but exhausting 
My tummy is upset. 
@amanda_holden Welcome to twitter! Hope you enjoy it. Can't wait for BGT live shows. No tickets tho.  Watched auditions live. Was great!
waaaaaaaaaaah i am crying over Adam Lamberts loss. WTF? Kris Allen? Why was he even there? He BUTCHERED that Marvine Gaye song. 
Learning about how Microsoft Project can make business &amp; project management even more confusing... 
tonight is gonna to be soooo great!!  we the kings and hey monday!! &lt;3 quite annoyed that i cant stay at rosies house after though 
Wondering wat to do online as I dont even have a blog to write abt 
i'm sick... i'm so sick   beautiful weather... i'm staying in... i can't even talk
Not too excited about the weekend 
morning bugs..very sick...no skewl today...and cancelled plans this weekend  not happy..but I got my P.E.B!
@ElHafiz I didn't even drink! I just stated I needed one! 
And they're toffees so my teeth aren't happy.  W8n 4 thm 2 pull a filling out 
I'm so tired ... and ill. that totally sucks. the weather outside is awesome and I have to stay in bed mostly     xx
@RobertMills And I appreciate your honesty, it does'nt improve my jealous imposistion but still thank you  lol
Still an hour to go... watched the rest of My Fair Lady which I started watching last night and now I have nothing to do 
Even tho I woke up early, the getting out of the actual bed battle is the same!!! 
@seregon I know  so not fair. Aww cute  I love your bunnies hehe
Work will not be sweet today. I just have that bad feeling that I just don't even want to be there. 
Glad mi chica's made it safe 2 puerto rico &amp; miami have fun ladies @crystylepoppin @lailasha I'm off 2 denver 
is recovering from 2 days of hell at the gym...who knew those muscles were even there??? 
all grown up, done with high school forever  but i'm content with that 
wish i had more time for lunch  subway was awesome as always !roll on next lesson, last 1!
Heard The Galvatrons tonight - They're awesome.  Wish I saw them a couple weeks ago now http://tr.im/m5AG
Jury dutie. Awesome 
Going for a run wasn't the brightest of ideas, upset my asthma  Though hopefully it will have accelerated this cold/flu type thing.
Last day of school! I'm happy but sad  i'll miss everyone.
@wes4ua and @rachgail Party for the fun people has been cancelled 
@Sirswaggington they didn't even fit! 
@sammonti I haven't seen you since.. I don't even remember! Show yourself to meeeee. 
@FunkyMissMonkey why are you a woman  you're to awesome to a creature of servitude
@kinkpuppy i know the feeling. I've been so miserable this past two weeks cos i couldnt sleep at all before 5 am, even with all the meds 
just got on twitter, normal one yarn!  and im upset coz my laptop is in hospital :O but no its getting repaired lol but i miis her   xxx
why is it that things which i love to happen only happens to the people that dont even care about it! man it suuuccckkkss 
@Jollyeo so you are taking korean? at UH? 
bad weather either, hot and sunny day  44*c
I hurt my funny bone and its not funny 
No Internet access at work - no fun 
@doodles15 I love the a&amp;d book too, but the movie just tore the story apart. Even the acting was bad bar tom hanks. 
Leaving the boat today.  on to tour the Everglades.
Rounders was awesome! One more eam! But it is physics! 
Glad its friday but i have to work tomorrow  L??`z
i hate mornings. Even friday mornings. Wish i wasn't so tired.... 
bored and sick not fun 
V ok, now I feel really dizzy and sick. This is not fun. It feels like death 
...Woah - there is Fred [from youtube] t-shirts at the store Blue Notes. and 2 of them.  noo fair XDDD
ughhhh. tired.  i don't even wanna go to dinner with the fam tonight. i just wanna go home and sleep.
@Wildboutbirds I know    But also much fun as well as much sad - I guess it balance out...
@kim_cre8pc - aww...that sucks.  I always felt better when we lost by a landslide than by just a run or two.    Glad they won CM game!
what a day.. and can't believe I have to cut out bananas.no fair 
Astronomy. Not as fun a class as I expected.  
I'd forgotten how expensive the @eusa Trade Fair is 
is excited ot go shopping tomorrow, but doesnt want jana to move! 
@thedevilslair i'm sure! I wish I had a good used bookstore here. Even if I found one, I'd likely not be able to read anything  sad day...
In Cleveland you have to pay for sunny days 
Will he get angry to us? Yesterday I joked that I'll cook grilled rabbit. Uhh, I'm so confused. 
@DrErotnik  Stay calm! Just think... &quot;What would Sonic do?&quot;
@justinmoorhouse no unfortunately not got a ticket  bet you cant wait x
WOAH...I'm still shaking. A cop pulled me over on the Hwy. I thought I was going to get a speeding ticket (even though I wasn't speeding) 
hopes her headache goes away before the cinema this evening 
where is he? hmmmm he didnt even reply to me this morning  oh well stayed up til 12 speaking to him last night
@pprlisa Oh right, no show tonight for you.  Have an awesome time in Vegas! Do some November scouting, okay?
movie is slow ~ sad, awww. Weird seeing Adam Sandler depressed!  Re Twin Towers; gawd I remember that day!! 1st cstmrs were from USA 
@nuttyhazelnut omg there was leftovers? thankfully i wasnt there ! i wouldve ate it all! 
@kyle270 i left it at home today cause it was sunny earlier  haha.what you doing now?love you x
I'm really upset Steve Buscemi was fake  Next it'll be Jimmy Carr, Stephen Fry and Greg Wallace - maybe even me!
@ChrissMari I'm glad I'm missing it. Who's he playing, Mammy? http://is.gd/CkZn 
Rumors of an upcoming X2...I haven't even owned my X1 for 3 months 
Well, bags of fun I'm going to have burning this lot off tonight    http://yfrog.com/0umftj
@TeeBiscuit The rolls are amazing! so much better than bread! And bonus refreshers seals it! Sorry about the toe  Damn inertia!
well.. the weather is atrocious and my feet are ice. nothing's gonna stop me from studying like hell this weekend! not even feeling sick. 
Just had the most disgusting milkshake, EVER. It was so thick I couldn't even swallow it  x
Up all night with a sick kiddo  Hoping he'll have a quick recovery so he can enjoy the weekend!! Poor baby.
@deanscotland Thanks Dean...oh even just seeing those words non-tweeting makes me sad!!  lol You have a good one too!
Nice &amp; sunny outside.. but VERY windy  Why is UU/HU campus always so windy??
so I woke up to a terrible start  my Iphone is off! I guess somebody  found out it wasn't supposed to be on! It was fun while it lasted!
...doesn't know what to do....little bit desperate 
I MAY CRY MY 6YR OLD IS COMPLETING HIS FIRST FULL YEAR OF SCHOOL,  IT IS BITTER SWEET FOR MOMMA
@MissLoisme I am happy he is still smiling, it will be a sad day when Johnny Castle is no more 
Check out the new Team Fortress 2 Update. It's really awesome and adds so much depth to the game. Sadly i have a bad ping with UMTS 
Please pray for my grandpa's recovery.Someone told me that he is in critical condition right now. Please, we need your prayers! 
Allergies are making me absolutely miserable 
WHY IS MY LIFE SO BORING.................. WAIT I DON'T EVEN HAV A LIFE 
@turnitgrey Aw  I love Carl, I'd say I'm jealous buuuut that is a little bit embarrassing hahaha
Another night of 4 hours sleep!  However, the Cara Dillon gig was awesome! So many talented folk in the world! Shame I'm not one!  xx
Not at all excited about leading 8 hrs of training today  last week I was gettting ready to board the nkotb cruise 
@natedern that sounds amazing, just my cuppa tea! I would so go if I was in NY but I am not  good luck i'm sure it will do great x
she leaves me today to go to Seattle  im not a happy camper right now...  Morning Twitts!!! ;)
@philsherry I'm actually turning green here, I'm that jealous 
isn't feeling to wonderful 
@CatherineDay Sad face  Still, getting it repierced should be fun, scar tissue an' all.... ouch :S
didn't enjoy being woke up by the postman this morning, especially since he had gone by the time i got to my front door 
Whoa, you kids are all up early, @mikeyil, @lunatechie, and so on... I'm awake! But sad/angry/dissapointed in FedEx. 
@RandomMonkey3 1. UH HUHS SURES X ) 2. HAPPY BDAY TO YOU!! 3. AWWWWWWS   BUT OWELLS!!! 
http://bit.ly/hdvNh  I WAS THERE! fucking awesome concert. i miss bmth 
@rodrigobrod Enjoy the club 
@kec112 im sorry  but im glad i woke you up! I didnt want to leave dreamworld
@kyleandjackieo Those were the first two I looked for  There are so many imposters! I'm glad I know you are you and Geoff is Geoff
@dannygokey Album?! Wow! It's amazing Dad!!! I'm surely gonna but that! I wanna join SHF..  Can I?
@g33kgurrl I'm so jealous. We haven's had a night without the kids in months  -- typing #fail on the previous tweet
@mynameisharry:: That doesn't sound too happy. 
@DubarryMcfly aww lucky u am not even doing anything at the mo   loveyoufletch xxxxxx&lt;3
@ShontaeB hope so too but it's on the way  happy friday!!!
Jack has a slight temp! He's not a happy bunny! Poor baby 
My grandpa looks so skinny, i thought he's some sort of skeleton  i want him to live longer...amazingly, he's still fit and he's fore ...
Last day at work for a week! I'm excited! To bad it's suppose to rain all weekend 
For some reason I was wide awake at 6:00 this morning even though I didn't go to bed until after 3:00.  Sad day...no sleep.  
Desperately looking forward to the bank holiday weekend. No work for three days in a row. Woohoo. ...man I need a life! 
@godivafestival Website looks the same to me. All last year's content and same design.  We want line up details!
getting ready for school... What joy!  but I get our at 1148 si that makes my day so much better!! Jac/B.
I feel so bad even though i just took my vacation  IDK y
In a rather somber mood, I just want to be with my fam right now. They wasn't lying when they said life isn't fair 
Ok, this cloudy, gloomy, rainy weather is getting old!! I'm losing my pretty tan!! 
@jflux the album is very different but good. I'm just SO angry that they didn't play one, fast first album song 
@Leslie84 yayy I'm so happy for yoU! stop through Augusta??  I miss yo face! S&amp;S is on Walton Way if you do. Google it haha
About to enjoy our last @ProBar -- then the supply has run out 
Long distance and in another time zone? This sucks! I cant even talk to u when i wake up cuz when its 8 here its 5 there 
@DubGal awwwww so Jealous. I should be in PHUKET right now 
@claireyfairy1 me too! There's gonna be about 10 more chapters o-O So I think there is probably some heartbreak instore for Tom 
@sevenwords don't even mention the WEATHER! I got drenched on my bike earlier. Now I'm back? You guessed it, blue sky, white clouds 15C 
Oh and not happy that yesterday my back tooth got chiped and it was hurting today whist eating 
Revisiting http://www.slide.com/ and love what can be done with it. Unfortunately schools blocking this free tool for use... 
Think I will go to bed. So sick I can't even enjoy twitter. 
Sad day...attending a funeral this afternoon! R.I.P. Franklin! Thoughts and prayers for Mi Amiga RR 
@oneblackbear no fair! I just have stupid water 
Seven days until I see my wife again. 
ff# for @KCBOOKS @duckofalltrades @NTFFC @hopefulauthor @churchpunkmom all fun and engaging twitterers all for now, back to painkillers 
Signing a lease &gt; Picking Up Wedding Dress &gt; Funeral 
It's been a sad seven days in the smooth jazz world... R.I.P. Wayman Tisdale, KKSF and now WNUA... I'm afraid to answer my phone today! 
@djaffe: very envious of your Terminator Slurpee. Something we'll never see here in Europe 
@JESSIMTV first dibs for tickets for Live with Lauren Show? They were all gone even b4 u announced it on Twitter! 
Getting ready for work  I would say I'm happy it's Friday but I also have work tomorrow... #SaveEarl!
morning world. I feel pretty good. I slept for 9 hours til 10:30pm, then another 5 or so til now. Boyf woke up with an upset tummy tho. 
10th in line at the DMV and the doors haven't even been unlocked yet!  I will soon not be a new yorker! 
Going on holiday (Greece) this sunday yeah but have the flu not fun 
@doufas Lovely, bbut unfortunately our companies policy on Open Source means we can't use it 
I have this very important meeting  in 4:20 and thats me not being irony at all. Unfortunately 
@karenneves they always sit in front of me too, or even worse next to me. 
@even better... Wish memphis wound up getting acts. You guys(all artists unfortunately) bypass us and head to nashville, or little rock 
Taking my babies to the vet for their fun filled day of surgery  then running around with my papa for a little!
@J0sephus Could only do that if I was on net! I have to suffer 1.5Mb/s max BT ADSL due to living on the end of fair Worcester City. 
@AnnaSaccone sounds like an amazing time! i wish we had their line here 
True true mmaannn I'm tired! I didn't even do my hair 
is annoyed that i cant go to the secret garden party!! bubblewrap popping sounded fun  x
@CaraKeithley You're right and I feel for ya!   He'll probably be thrilled to talk to ya on the phone tho!Tear up those cell lines!
..can't even imagine what it would be like for that poor mother &amp; father. Poor little Tori 
oh no! The JB are in Night at the Museum 2, that may decrease my enjoyment. 
Who is going THIBILS gathering tomorrow? I am, glad I got paid yesterday. @miamii oh baby 
Going to wades funeral 
4 day weekend. Will work too hard trying to catch up on household chores to enjoy the time off! 
@granfalloon oh no   You better cheer up or I'll be forced to tell you once again how awesome I am.
@JonathanRKnight Life sure is precious...and in some cases it ends way too early!  It's important to enjoy life while you can-no regrets!
Epic game between dogs and cats today. Went down the wire Geelong won by 2 points  aker was awesome! Johnno should have kicked the goal!!!
Dear life, I'd like to be healthy for a week. May has not been fun. Please stop with the curveballs. Love, Me. P.S WISDOM TEETH? COME ON. 
12 twed twoses for you to enjoy... @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- xxx really got to do some work 
I've also improved my D, my dribbling.  Now I just need to turn my lies about my O being awesome into reality.  It might take a while. 
off studying history, unfortunately... 
Just back from shopping for an outfit for a Christening. I don't even LIKE what I got and my stomach's killing 
@lynnfergy ahhh I miss Lachlan and all you guys!!! Thanks so much for an amazing time. Back at work now 
#NBA lakers  hopefully game 3 will be good  cleveland  please make me proud.
@angelenic unfortunately, that looks like our only options 
is starting my last fay of work....  I'm sad and excited all in one!
@PenelopeHeart I have to wait until Monday to enjoy the pleasures of on the go tweeting 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5nf67 - HEEEEYYLLLOOOOO...nice to know you're having fun!!! Where Kevin 
PISSED/DEPRESSED 
Always bummed when i have to leave for work and miss the last hour of the wicked awesome johnny and jayde morning show 
@my_sundown I wanna go to Starbucks too, I love their icecream. We don't have them in Norway.   Have fun! 
fun fun fun applied it not  (N)
getting a root canal  what the hell. happy early birthday..nottt
Going to work  not fun
Sad, upset, and hurt...  
So glad its friday but hates that I won't be seeing my bestie everyday anymore 
@Melanieee22 No  But I will soon hopefully for my birthday. So excited for it.
After 14 years together, the promise of sex doesn't even open his eyes... 
@Dan_Savage Cant watch the Game tonight...  Will be @the game Sunday night tho..1st game I have missed in a long long while...Have fun!
Afternoon Coffee... Ahhhhh tastes good! Enjoying it while it lasts before back to school to take my last AS Exam on 1st june! 
Seven school days couldnt go faster. So tired, so done with being a stressed mess. My mind needs a damn vacation. 
@PMillion oh i hate funerals too I'm sorry to hear that.. i guess no one really love a funeral though. 
has two kids with sore throats... oh joy 
puzzle caches upset me sometime  should be able to get out caching today!!
So annoying. Can't even have a peaceful weekend 
     &lt;- but mustache man is not that desperate
I'm moving out today!!!  God I'm going to miss college.. No more excuses...  And P.S. the Lakers suck!!! And I&quot;m glad they lost! Go Cavs!
Mornin twitterville! Glad its Fri., but wish i was headin sumwhere 4 a mini vacation,  ! Oh well one day soon, hopefully!
Watching Deep Blue Sea, not as scary as i remember tho. haha, emma, yer still a star, and remember the funeral tonight 
@SilentClown eesh, that IS scary. I'm glad I've never really ever had a nightmare like that. Sorry 
Dad's seventh death aniv. today.. can't believe it has been that long  Dad u r still close to my heart and in my thoughts always...
hate how i have horrible insomnia now that is always daylight. even with my room dark i can't stand sleeping know its light out lol! 
being sick is not fun at all 
hm shaped internet truly sux0rs...  So glad internode allows data blocks to be purchased ad hoc... I dunno where my intarwebs went though 
Waking up early sucks  Just finished an 11miler on 3 hours of sleep and tired legs. Last night was fun and def worth losing rest over! &lt;3
@oxchris lol i havent upgraded in two years.. i dont even have cable I prolly make @freshplastic sad  I make me sad 
=] we are so excited about tommorrow i only have 5 followers 
@schaefer89 so annoyed! all I want to do is sleep  kye just left! now I just gotta kick the bro out!
Just copied large block of code and pasted somewhere to get functionality up and running quickly. GOD I fell so dirty!   #antipatterns
TGIF yess even though i work tomorrow  
French Open draw and day 1 schedule out! YaY! http://bit.ly/TXFNw ...Unfortunately, @AmerDelic didn't make it thru quallies. 
@Kevo32A Ah poor Kev, that's harsh! Don't worry, we'll be coming over next weekend. I'm sorry, I should have said it to you too 
Lizzie gets to go on a field trip to sandy lake. No fair 
Good Morning World!! Today's a wonderful day.. simply b/c I woke up! [but my throat still hurts!]  But no pain... no gain! ha!
@MadJulia Haven't told you Kim that I couldn't come online because of my mom? She's been a little bit angry about me. I'm so sorry! 
@AwesomeFrank you have enough stuff to worry about... 
I had 30 more minutes to sleep and Mamaw called and woke the baby.  Oh well. Time to go to the doctor,... my turn today... fun.
wasted my morning trying to find a decent pair of trainers - could not find anything in my size even when I changed hunt to Timberlands 
my lip is swollen, i look like the elephant man  i can hear the angry villagers with pitchforks already 
I'm still stuck in this crappy hospital bed! On a Friday! I'm missing all the fun! 
Ugh parents get to sleep in today  jealous
@alexcheahtz YES. I'm that desperate to stay in Sg. I'm going just to make everyone happy and avoid problems yknow. 
@TheHouseofMouse hehe, true!  but when you have kids, you can never have a nap. Just not fair 
aww, kay's doing the countdown too!  but i'm lookin at the big pic with school, no where even close to done!    i want my summer...
@angelayee and it's even worse for females....i'm 6 feet with no shoes 
Nothing to put in a sandwich...not even bread. Hungry 
 grrr my twitter doesn't work with my celphone, I dw WHY!!  but my brother's twitter does '.'  IT's not Fair..    T.T
@NKANGEL74 i hope that you get to feeling better, being sick is no fun  and it seems like everyone is getting it this year 
5 day forecast and every day shows rain, guess the kids wont even get to have their field day next week  no cook outs this wkend either
@boffbowsh I can't be there for all of them  going back to Dorset tonight, but might be able to do Saturday evening onwards...
@fruityalexia u can't imagine how jealous I am of you right now :p I wish I had a fire place at my house 
@kathleenrachel no and i'm regretting it  it was even on trending topics aka the new watercooler last nite lol. gonna watch it online 2day
@JouJou329 lmaaoo! He don't even perform it like that.  that's my shizzyy! Wooot! Memories to that song! Like... Lemme stop! LOL!
Need to remember that I will NOT wake up prior to sleeping 6 hours each night. Not sure why.  2 alarm clocks didn't even wake me 
@PaulDempsey_ Yeah Im good thanks, still in PJs lol but studyin  yeah last night was gd, gd 2 get out. all glad ur finished uni?? x
falling asleep at my desk...really dont even want to go out later 
@aral That's harsh! Why do people have no respect? Losers. Bad luck 
@DJDarkuJ i wish i could but i need to start my day lol,, have fun sleeping ,text me later cuz im getting off twitter 
Birthday tomorrow. Expo tomorrow. My friends will be having much fun without me.  At least I'll be in Chester having some fun...
@AmyIsDayDreamin Sounds like fun? I have work 9-1............then I have to move stuff around the house cause its getting carpeted 
@zegolf Crap. Really? Even more expensive than Vista Ultimate? That's just ridiculous... and stupid. 
Up and off to work but not happy about it 
Yay! It's raining in Denmark. Can't tell you how happy I am to live here. *sigh* Why don't I live in LA? 
 @HitzProductions unfortunately I'm coming from NJ the boonies...I gotta drive to the path
goodbye renaissance man, leonardo would be proud 
@jblanchard87 really depressed at the missage 
sneezing, sneezing, &amp; sneezing some more.. yay! sunny day! blast! that means high pollen count 
Yay! It's raining in Denmark. Can't tell you how happy I am to live here. *sigh* Why wasn't I born in LA? 
Morning! Im hella worried about my best friend steven  i hope his not in any kinda of trouble 
yet another wonderful day to be in love... but i'm missin my boo 
ok im off leaving town for a wk already feeling sad at leaving wonderboy and hubby behind  Have fun without me!!!
is skipping an awesome party 
@Bleuu and even worse: my parents and sister are on their two week vacation down in chincoteague that i couldnt go to at all. double 
@rwhitneyjr So jealous 
@blondemom978 I wish I could be unemployed!!!  LOL  jk  Have fun without me!   I'll probably meet them on Sunday, we're going to manch
Man, it seems like I am too old for acne.  Nope, woke up with some pimples.  Me and my tween son get to be pimple faced together. Awesome 
@TreeinCally I'm still smiling but the sun is still being shy! At least no rain! I've just got a coffee thanks, but it's instant 
Carrie Prejean's mom is a lesbian. Haha that's awesome! Oh wait, she's a hater. Poor mom 
@deversum hazy! hii.. heh dont finish that word.. my brain isnt working yet, my 'be funny' switch is still off  cnt thnk of comeback
slept eleven hours. feel a little better. still coughing up greenness though, if you wanted to know. bummed its so nice out 
@ilovemytroops OOPS that should have been an unhappy face!! My hubby interrupted me during the creation of my sad face..blame him!   LOL
Lots of fun to be had this weekend...  all dampened by the fact that I AM NOT DONE grading...       It has to end somehow....
@epicwinmaster I'll always love you  even if you turn into a zombie.
Running late this morning even though I went to bed early. I just can't win. 
@rocuronium Could be old age!  Turned 33 on Tuesday   Out celebrating this w/e (and need to get back exercising as I've been slacking!)
@steph_davies Gahhh, the clothes are amazing!! Although i only saw Vanessa's.. i want Blair's or Serena's. 
@haykuro Exchange is still busted.   Has anyone gotten you log files yet?  I can this evening if no one has.
@GreenerCity sorry I couldn't make it this week  How did everything go? I bet it was awesome...
@OfficialAS http://twitpic.com/5osvk - foxtel one isn't as awesome  there's on 2 jonas pages AND a pic on the cover ;)
Off to work and a non stop no fun weekend. 
@rachelgogan I know! I was very annoyed! 
@natalietran that's so unfair...i'm stuck at work and can't chat with the mighty Nat... 
I was SOOOoooo sick yesterday.  And I managed to sprain my good ankle. I'm so angry with myself.
At in orbit mall vashi. I get depressed in malls. Some bad old memories 
@HildeM_EN Are you sick now?  Hope you enjoy your day love! xoxo
@funkingkyle had to drive back to royal oak this morning making my mom late for work and me late to babysit i feel ya 
Back to work now i suppose, enjoying the sunshine though 
@ICchris That's awesome - have a blast! We're heading back to Ithaca tonight. That means vacay is nearing an end. 
@tommcfly my show got changed too  not fair! but I'm going on another day too so that makes it a bit better.
Limited tweeting today    Have to go to work early and go to uncle's funeral. Hopefully the last for a looooong time.
@AmyInOhio That's not fun...especially right before a holiday!  Boo 
...so much to do today - hope it rains so that my garden gets some water - my hose is broken and been using a watering can  ...not fun!
@baldy_za yea, it does look awesome! Pity I have a Nikon 
@DianeMorgan00 lovely, but undressable   I'm trying to stay upbeat, and failing.  V low, need to be busier to keep my mind off it x
@AnnaSaccone still in lnd cos had to go to a funeral yesterday and i have museum visits to do for my project...bad times feelin ill  u ok?
got up at seven. even though no school. 
@Pink Have a good show cant wait for you to come to Melb so upset though I missed out getting a ticket even though I waited in line 7hrs 
Let see its friday... That's a plus... It rained so the bike stayd home...  that's a minus... So far for the day its even
YIPPEE! Happy coz I found a video player on my Palm! But my exams results don't look satisfying 
@mkrl617 That's no fun  Why's he going?
@amandasaysthat: i am very jealous even if they are small! I want back dimples. 
@websiteowner The poor Tomlinson's man had nobody, he looked very dejected! 
@gamerbabe360 oooooh, I like clothes shopping! It's just much less fun when it's shopping for work clothes 
@essieruth i didn't say always happy! john didn't talk about anything like hypermania  i wanted to hear about it.
@CaillanTroy oh my god you're so lucky. i wish i could do that. i wanna move there end next year. aww i'm jealous 
my camera is missing after me just getting it back so unfair not happy 
my camera died and i fucking need it for school and other stuff. and i lost the receipt so i cant even get it fixed 
Y LIK DIS koss  also too-late realisation that am not bass-head or even tolerant of phat bass. let's hope these open up
@dochowser Nice. I like the finger control, but voice is even better. My Pioneer Z3 Nav System was stolen out my coupe... 
@gareth_langston pushing daisies was amazing!!! i miss it 
@Chintan_Diver well even the community is boring. 
@sandyra Did you enjoy your b-day? I know I'm late... no excuses.... just apologies 
@JenJan I don't like you! My whole body hurting  I don't even get up this early for work. EVER
on a conference call, dropped out for a minute to talk to @callumjoynes and no one noticed 
@1queer1 Yes, let's work it out :-D. Having little joy with getting hold of people at the moment otherwise which sucks 
http://twitpic.com/5othq - Someone just called me Ma, must be my new cat eye glasses  not funny sha 
is annoyed that she didn't go to gym today  My trainer was sick....... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Female barista made my latte today. No foam fun   Tried to make my own design with a coffee stirrer. It didn't work.
@savethewabbit even though your bf is too late in the night for me to listen to 
Last night was beyond epic. Just seriously amazing. Gonna miss everyone so much!  Wish we werent leaving now... love them hugely!
I am kinda sad that as popular as myspace is they don't have my favorite jazz artist: Hiromi Uehara. Not even playlist.com, Oh well  #jazz
@loribartolozzi sorry  but wouldn't it be awesome if we could all go next year
Even though most of the cast are in Scientology, &quot;My Name Is Earl&quot; shouldn't die quite yet...  #WTF #SaveEarl #fb
just listened 2 paranoid , omg...it's mint! cnt believe they're on their second album already..i haven't even gt the 1st 1 ! 
They gave me the wrong bfast sandwich! So not happy 
I hate errors where I don't even understand what they mean, let alone what I need to do to fix it  New features are always difficult 
ugh...life sucks right now...   when am I gonna be able to be happy...to have something that matters...to be proud of...
my foots swelling up again  and I haven't even been walking far today  time to go to the docs I think.
@video_art Unfortunately no. And I already finished the book I brought along 
@TheSocialLight LOL I'm going home tonight been here since Wednesday it was just a short business thing hence not much time for fun 
is disliking the pimple smack bang between my eyes. Not fair. I have a shoot on Tuesday 
I can't believe I'm excited about Harry Potter 6 
Sometimes studying is fun and easy for me. Just not right now.. rly not. Hmm 
My back is killing me this morning... It is miserable...   
#firstrecord Behind the Green Door - shakey Stevens  dont' laugh to much
I'm unsatisfied with the Brasillian Groups on twitter....  
@Heilewelt  ... I'm not... feeling depressed right now
Man, even the homeless guy seems to have gone out of town 
@agriggs8 Glad I coud entertain u w/ my stupidity.   I had a great time @ my m&amp;g's despite being REALLY nervous. Would luv to do again 
is starting school, and her wonderful cousin is somewhere else  come back!! lolz haha 
@TraceyJohn I called Dell last night with exact opposite experience. The guy was awesome-- even though my laptop needs replacing 
@TechStud no fair...there's no where around here that has free hamburger days 
I had a good week at work. Very hard and exhausting, but a good crew so fun too. Back to the 'others' next week. Oh well 
... he is adjusting to sleeping in a new house &amp; in his own room. He was so upset &amp; just did not want to sleep without me holding him 
Watching The Mentalist has really made me miss my psychology classes  I'm glad I learnt what I did thought.
@eveebeevie ur telling me! So unfair we r stuck in offices staring out the window into a parking lot-no blue water 
To bad the lakers lost last night   Atlest it is a 1-1 series  Even though my favorite team is the Cavs and they play tonight.
Wow, everyone is excited for Third Eye Blind tonight. I made the show poster for it but can't use it cause it had Bettie Page in it. 
@Jadedinsanity I love you! The gay bar was fun but short lived 
can't even relax in my own house this afternoon...one look at my mother and she thinks i want to end her. 
Enjoying the day off....in the library  --&gt; Exams
@ForeverbyKylene Rainy! and gloomy 
@lidles nopeomg i was ment2 go 2 that production thing 2night but mum was like no im to tired and its to wet  now steph and loz are angry
I'm awake dressed and out the door but i'm not very happy about it!!   
Where is my boss??? Granny is fun but I miss him.... 
had fun last night, but wishes she'd gone to the gym. Shooters are the devil, btw. Ew hangover 
Grandma passed away this evening,need to head back home asap 
@rossianvance Thanks for bringing me a treat....sorry I wasn't there to enjoy it.  
@zooor -.- funny. really. HAHAHAHAHAHA IT AIN'T FUNNY WAH  HAHAHA
i think the novelty of omaha has finally worn off... being beaten by quads is no longer funny  instead it is just plain gay.
@brenda_song HI Brenda! How are you? I start exams tomorow.  btw ur Amazing! Love ya!  Xxxxx
@CrazyCryB I'm good now I guess? U already knw why I'm upset! Just like every other time!!  
@Syberspace unfortunately I don't get a nap 
workin. its turnin into a nice day and im excited...not sure why tho. cant go anywhere for the weekend 
My iPhone just stopped functioning because I put off upgrading it to the latest 3.0 Beta version 
why do i have to work on the sunny days.... and have days off on the cold ones 
@AldoRisolvo haven't had 3 days off in a row in years  I love what I do so I'm not complaining - I just miss saying TGIF so I'm bitter ha!
@alicam they got bought out / restructured by Fairfax Digital,  so Fairfax is now sitting on most generic Aussie 2TLDs (30k+ 2TLDs).  
@yaneri killer'  someone else I twit in FL says it's been raining all week, you got much on today or nice and relaxed?
is enjoying last weeks Pete Tong on iPlayer as BHR streams are full!! Can't listen to our own station  - Help Us www.beachhouseradio.com
is not feeling the greatest. i woke up with another headache and i can barely keep my eyes open.  Fun 
I hope my friends have fun in ark! Miss you guys, nothing to do tonight  lol
@geospizafortis Why is the Glastonbury i'm not going to have to be so awesome. 
Jealous of everyone who has a long weekend as oppose to me who foes not 
@Krissy907 Ahhh... no way... I'm jealous 
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaawnnnn!! Feelin very very sleep. Even a strong cup of coffee didnt help. 
I am working on a purely fundamental based system just for kicks.Lochcha yeh hai ki, I cant backtest it.  ,and min 5 years of commitment
@TomFelton I ran out of chocolate today  So jealous right now lol
@mcdesara My life has legitimately been LSAT work... no fun! 
it's funny how time flies when you're having fun... haven't eaten dinner yet 
Wooo, job interview! It's an awesome opportunity for me, but my heart was set on travelling this summer  I need money for college...
furstrating urc? i can tell u id fuck a phd for fun any day of the week, bet thats not on ur chart! i have strep 
@edword yay! glad you like the passports-i'll probably go that route w/ the fantom drive (heard great things!), i can't swing a drobo yet 
Perennial ...missed it    good job buddy proud of you!
heard an upsetting spoiler about the SYTYCD Top 20 and am now depressed 
@tweetrimony unfortunately he is not on twitter.. so sad.. 
Home sick.... Love waking up in the middle of the night with a fever and body sweats.... Fun times 
good morning&amp; happy friday! hopefully most of y'all have fab weekend plans! if ya don't, come see me at ON - i'm there all weekend! 
is still tired after the jojo-levels of the bloodsugar. On top of it I make people angry at me... How fun 
@misscrafty glad its not just me. i literally have zero self control 
@jennyGOLD I loveeee the wedding date!! You're a lucky girrrrl haha watching that movie and on your way to disney  loll have fun!!
woke up feeling like poop today... thats fun 
just took a geometry test.... now i have to study for a scripture test ... this is going to be so much fun..  i want to go home!
@petronia I CAN HEAR THE TV even with the shures + koss's on. WRYYYYYYYYYYYYY 
totally pissed that the online ticket purchasing is not working for the Porter County Fair!! 
Need to get a tan! Seriously too fair d.  I need timeeeee
Packing for a weekend trip with 4kids. This outa be fun. 
There's something wrong with my computer and it's not even a year old. 
@TreeinCally I like expresso too but I'm not Italian! U must have gr8 memories of ur mum! Life here seems so harsh at the mo 
@rainmc Have fun y'all! I prob won't be going, Simon needs the car for family obligations, which trumps rock show road trip 
is finding Firefox 3.0.10 to be pretty unstable 
@Minerveca I'm going to wait and see how theirs fair out for 2 or 3 yrs. b/f I spring on anything like that. They aren't selling them 
@kiracryogenic vanessa ate a whole bucket of fairy floss to herself hahaha I wanted her to save me some for tuesday 
uqh maury's not even on ! its jerry sprinqers dumb ass 
all i can see r gray sky's  gray it reminds me from last night when i tried out my markers now im upset again &gt; curse u sky*shakes fist*
Don't you hate when you dream a brilliant idea, wake up, forget? Today I remembered! Not so brilliant after all... 
@sheilajb I wish I could go!  Have so much fun. xoxo
good morning, another fantastic drive to canyon is in order... i love giving money away. 
@CandyBaby_x aww how old is she? it's so miserable and grey  your sides? x
@jonelljoy  Does it help that I was going to tell you on Tuesday that it was looking really good?
My mum is making fun of me for stalling 
@dmgeorge23 HUSH... I don't say anything to you when you make it your business to go twice!   &lt;------ (angry yelling face)
its a shame TAI is playing at county fairs and six flags' nowadays. 
Life on Mars canceled  Scott Rosenberg is working on Happy Town would that get canceled as wall as October Road, not happy ABC
@Moonshayde Have fun editing!  I shall message you on ms later.... to catch up and hear about this bat biting incident 
Michael Jackson emerges as 10,000 fans less than thrilled at cancellation tp://ow.ly/8xzE - Rant for today - THIS IS DISGRACEFUL 
@doriandavis probably just wandering and shopping. I have to work on a brief on the bus on the way back this evening 
@DonAtPoundCS I think my dryer only eats my fun socks. I used to have quite the stash; now I have 5 lonely single argyle socks.  not cool
@PennyPrincss - Hubs isn't even home yet (almost 2 hours late). So even if I COULD go today, I still couldn't. 
Still painful to think of the new MAC we just got for daughter being stolen from her car &amp; THEN learning about theft prevention software 
Sitting in Class. its amazing how theres only like 8 days left of the school year. kinda sad 
I AM SOOOO UNHAPPY WIT WAT I JUS HEARD ON MTO UGH 
Happy Friday...I think I'm getting a cold...just need to make it thru the day and then a nice weekend ahead..don't want to be sick for it 
Time to see family I havnt seen in 11yeaes since the last funeral  ...
@Kristin61378 Nothing rings a bell, unfortunately.  I have no idea where to look. So much for being a detective 
@adamyeager yea, especially since I have to upgrade my SDK to upgrade the iPhone   It takes FOREVER to download.
@RibbonsofRed yay for new lease and wedding dress....so sorry about the funeral hun... My thoughts are with you guys 
@MatthewCGoto so sad I won't be joining  have funnnnn!
is feeling rather morose.could be the prospect of spending a whole lovely wknd studying 
Sad to see more parents than freshmen at my faculty's freshmen welcome talk. Where art thou enthusiastic students? 
@RadioWoody No, it's not just you! The bad thing is I have to work even MORE today because of the holiday on Monday 
havent even gone to work yet and am already ready to come back home 
@Mindthatbird8 So much fun! NOT. 
@joel134 i found a pretty one!  but the one i had in sweden was even prettier. 
Lucy Gordon tot aufgefunden.  R.I.P. - http://bit.ly/D4Xjd
Why is it that whenever I even talk to another guy I feel like I'm cheating on him? We're not even together! Ugh. 
Sad to leave the lake today  but happy for what lies ahead in the next month!
even in JAX the weather is cold and wet..   Where or where did the sun go?
Some of my only friends r going to Miami...... Even though I told them I was having a BBQ, smh. Hope they have alot of fun. 
@DevonShameless unfortunately my madre booked the plane ticket to philly on the 18th  we'll figure something outttt&lt;3
@LisaMcP  Wow, that's extortionate for what you get...how unfair 
@scribb 3 Like Home is 3's secret weapon of awesomeness 
@andreablake :/ it was that bad  i'm happy i dont remember my dreams then...
Happy Google Chrome 2 released - but still no version for Mac 
getting frustrated with my MLS key!!! 
@HOTLabRescue SO jealous!! Our friends live right near County Line-- wish we could have some over the holiday  Hope you &amp; the labs enjoy!
Just realised she's missing Morrissey in Manchester tonight...majorly upsetting 
@supercheekymonk An unhappy and cheeseless place 
@jaymsterbean now i'm all worried.  what are the odds of him disapproving?
@sarapatton  I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he feels better. ;( Nothing worse than sick kids... I have to say I'm sooo glad thats over...
so disgusted right now ... huge bug in my bathroom at school this morning ... YUCK!!!!!!! 
got to much sun!!  Glad it is a cloudy day today besides I have to work  
@kiimu Excited for this travesty... that is a good way to put it. I have a feeling it will make my heart hurt though. 
@iamdiddy Day 26 was good lst night the audience was lame except me! lol Wish i was in Miami  have fun!
@matrixpro I have to work this weekend.  No fun for me... 
Lost in tweeterrific by iPhone restore function 
@FreshPlastic  haha i am soo glad you didn't say bananas man kool rock grr yester he mentioned bananas prolly why i couldn't sleep 
@31B4 Skype is amazing...and no I didn't get the call   Somedays are easier than others!
up too late blogging last night!  Ready for a happy hour in NYC!
If I want to enjoy #awp tomorrow, I think I should stay in bed till saturday 7 PM 
@raerae30 even though i'm late... hopefully we will have hbo by then, if not i gotta wait 
@CacheAdvance WOW, very nice turnout - glad it went so well - sorry we missed it 
Day 5 of gloom and rain. This is fun. 
@RepubliCofFun Ouch. I hear you.  Isn't it funny how we &quot;plan&quot; it like it's inevitable/unavoidable? &quot;Good night and good luck&quot;(!)
@lotusblosm No, unfortunately! 
Just found out it's going to be another week, maybe even two before i get my bike  Been neglecting twitter of late. Birthday a week friday
@funlildrummer sorry, I got two failure notices, too. 
and ther not even gona be wrong  
@ThatGuyFSU_ATL UGH I am so jealous  Can I sneak into your suitcase?
@tamarafoc  I think at some point, somebody must have seriously neglected Dryer as a youngster, and now he's spiteful.
@LenEdgerly Thanks.  Wish they would back port that functionality to Kindle 1. 
Macbook Pro death  Typical timing right before a long weekend. Also related, backup fail, and Spotify/McAfee fail. Need beer.
@Da7e  WTF? that sucks  Im glad the Duke still may yet live!
jealous with them 
@No1PanicFan mmmmm  hahaha... Study ? come on!!!!! have fun... It's friday... Saturday.... No school, nerds gone wild !!!! XD
happy to have a bank holiday weekend. looking forward to work ending. day is dragging a little 
@thevideodog Went to follow ur FF recs &amp; discovered @chrisspagnuolo has blocked me. What an odd feeling.I don't even KNOW him. 
Alot of good net related things are happening right after I get capped. I have to wait another 2 weeks until my net gets fast again... 
I haven't been on this ina while so though i would come type something today. Had a maths exam c2  Was amazingly hard...so yeah.Good times
Have arrived in Dubai and I'm exhausted, but th weather is glorious. Staying at the Burj Al Arab, it's amazing! Only here for 4 days 
Watching The Mentalist has really made me miss my psychology classes  I'm glad I learnt what I did though.
Annoyed that my computer doesn't work.......and upset that my doggy's ill again. 
ipod froze up and won't even reset 
@thekoolaidmom its just not right..maybe i got a bad bottle or something cuz it tastes kinda ..bitterish? but not spoiled  i cant explain
Trying to prevent this anger from settling into disregard; too pissed to stop caring 
Day off and going to a funeral....oh man 
very upset!  stupid class didnt vote to watch A Walk To Remember! :/ grr..
@piemomma Oh man,  I feel for you on that one! I can totally relate unfortunately!  Makes for a great day doesn't it ?!?!     
i am the only one tweeting tonight because everyone is out having fun! 
@automatica_ What's got you jealous? The roadtrip?  I don't think I'll do CP this year, I kinda feel that given my job I've outgrown it 
@mbullshit i'm actually writing this on my ps3, some functions, like that one, doesn't work while surfing on it... 
No she didn't! She went to Celine! Tzzzzzzzz. And what's with today? Why is she angry? 
@YNagarur awesome i play in a band and were struggling to find a bass player :S  Scotland! in 4th year doing my exams at the moment 
Indigestion all week. I never even used to know what that was! Officially old. 
work//moving #kidsmin sets//capturing//youth alive//NTSC HYPER-DEATH//amazing night//worship Jesus//tired//work tomorrow//dentist  //sleep
Haven't been feeling well for days now.  Sore throat, ear ache and head ache. Not really ill, still functioning, but still... unpleasant!
sp proud of the mr. a lil disappointed that i wont be there :/ AGAIN ! the life &amp; times of being carless 
Taking a rest from driving at a citgo. Kristin is getting frustrated with my driving    http://bit.ly/14o1KD http://twitpic.com/5owlw
At work 7 in th am....TGIF, enjoying the quiet...but Im already ready to go home too much to do 
On my way 2 work  not happy!
looking for some healthy functioning kidneys. Have nephrotic syndrome and having a major relapse 
It's my last day at eLocal....and it's so gloomy outside today! Man. Let's just hike up my depression a notch. 
A little unhappy today @ the fact that since being pregnant I've gone from a jeans size 12 to an 18  I hate my flabby belly 
soo sleeepy.... icky weather isn't helping either  ... however, still thankful for the awesome weather we had these past couple of days...
Last day of school today. I'm not ready to leave! All my friends are amazing, thank you guys for the last 5 years, they've been the best! 
I'm embarrassed that my government even exerted an effort to extract an apology from Alec Baldwin over what he said in Letterman. 
@Roninjinn I'm jealous! I wish I could have lunch with my fellow pirate and ninjas 
@softaspinksuede I didn't even notice and I love him  I am crapola! The new song is tuneeee tho.
depressed. the year 11s have now left  1. i have nothing nice to look at and 2. i have no more family members there.  ahhhh how sad.
Is going to enjoy every bit of today before she starts studying KH tomorrow.  *groans* KH &amp; Art on Monday. How I loathe Art...
@veshiy0leg @vouna @flanakin  Then there is no other choice then to drink on an emtpy stomack...   More fun though  ;)
Is getting excited about Hilton Head this weekend but praying that the weather is decent... it's calling for rain rain rain!!! 
funeral today its gonna be a sad day 
Oh how you confuse me so. On another note. I hate seeing my mom so frustrated that she is about to cry. 
Also walked on treadmill for first time since surgery, got 15 slow mins before knee done. Couldn't even get heart rate over 105 
hey all just home from work so glad had a brutal day 
 Twitter wont even let me use my custom background and I cant change back to my old one either this suck
@briandillon I'm sorry! That sounds frightening...  My perception of time always seems to slow during events like that...makes it worse!
@Lismarie_Olan idk what I will be doing for my bday  I don't really get that excited anymore!! OMG I'm GETTING OLD!! LOL
Hmm it's started already!  But I'm spending money so I am calm 
I'm excited! I heard my cousin is going to have her first baby tonight...I so wish I could b home with her 
@veshiy0leg  NO bowling   Socialize... Talk...  Enjoy the fresh air and great company.....
@paigeseven I wasn't sure you did. It seems like you're _always_ working! 
Just dropped my giant coffee in the parking lot.  And said nooooo! as it played out. Plus my phone is acting funky. Grrreat.
last day in Florida  outside enjoying the day 
Listening to : Can't Be Saved (Senses Fail) I know this is the second time - it's just amazing how relevant to my life this song is 
@OnlyFair Thanks for the #followfriday! I'd LOVE to have chickens but my garden's too small 
@blogomomma you are correct  imdb states first marriage ended when she found out he was having an affair with his now current wife. 
Good Morning my sweet tweets! Hope everyone is feeling as great as I am even though boo is leaving me for the weekend  I'll miss u boo!
i waz kidding about ze zinging part.. moi no gooood in zinging even to save a life 
So happy i've finished my placement, will miss the kids though  ive just called someone about a job too!
@shanellelee Anything with the word flavor in it, for the most part, sounds like a good plan to me. Unfortunately, I'm heading to Philly 
@stylezwhite ooooh sorry to hear that  does not sound like a fun friday mornin...
the weather sux  my husband &amp; my son went to the funfair and i hope they'll have fun although its raining and windy... i prefer twitter
Why I am so upset about this? I knew it was bound to happen..still, I can't stop crying 
goodbye bed,goodbye apartment,goodbye awesome weather,goodbye beach, goodbye 2nd st, goodbye LA, goodbye thrifts, goodbye Long Beach  #fb
@DineandDish So jealous. We still have two more weeks 
life isnt fun anymore 
party was fun.  been in the lab again most of today all done now thankfully now to start revising.... 
The end of #boyinthestripedpyjamas still makes me cry, even though I've watched this movie loads already  It's so sad 
(on Deepak Chopra's Why Is God Laughing): I'm not laughing. I'm not even impressed. 266k wasted 
@dominiquedanyel HAPPY BELATED B-DAY 
@cyberbaguioboy @jjdoblados @meriel I wonder how that was even approved by the #ASC in the first place 
@countingcrows You don't look either happy or well  Hang in there hon &amp; good luck xxxxxx
@kooljaek you had a great trip tho. I envy you! I'm just gonna be in the city &amp; eat a lot..well it's kinda fun anyway. @emptyframe BOO 
Hope everyone enjoys the holiday weekend! I'm not going anywhere. Wish I could. 
very depressed that we have a summer assignment for english 
@m_dub22 &amp; @KPneptuness ...it takes me a really long time to get ready for non school events. 
It's all rainy and gloomy out.. Just how I feel inside 
Pelosi says it's been a wonderful 5 months. Wonderful for who is what I want to know? Trillions in debt isn't wonderful! 
two pairs of shoes and two tops. funny how I always 'feel' the need to shop, yet I also 'feel' the guilt so badly after 
Malfunctioning motherboard.. 
@amyrachel1911  try to have fun x
Yeah for Bradley and the rest of the 2009 graduating class. Glad the rain held off. Now ready for the weekend even though its gonna rain. 
It's been a while I haven't posted a message on twiix  Reason being I'm busy at work and I'm working on a new twiix functionality.
not feeling my best today..feeling a liitle sick...upset bc i planned on hanging out all day enjoying my day off 
work  than changing my hair... don't know what I'm gonna do yet but it should be fun!
Happy Memorial Day Weekend!! if you are in Florida.... its going to rain ALL WEEKEND!! 
THANK GOD it's friday. i'm jealous of my boyfriend going to tahoe 
@Shawnsewcrazy Was able to upload when I first joined Twitter. No luck today, even using IE. 
@happymrlocust you never baked me a pie! Such shocking favouritism 
@x_Amai_x you amke me so depressed just when i forget about work you always remind me  now im depressed too!
Waking up any time before 8 is AWESOME! Right?? Right?? WRONG! 
got my fone takin away again darn it this isnt fun  and i miss NICK!!!!!!!! my hot redneck lol
It's always fun doing two days worth of work in one day... especially on a Friday 
gave my final exam 2day. strangely not that excited that its over 
@Rax1 Steady, not too much fun, remember you have to go to work later 
@omgitsjamiseal Had a lot of fun. But my head hurts... 
@Twigsta glad you enjoyed my Twitter nightmare  damn uni computers .. all is well now ... hopefully
@jamievaron Totally. I have published work I can't even show my parents. 
Well that blows  virginmobile charges me for getting txt messages even when my phone is off 
@trinarockstarr Im so jealousy, my friends and I were suppose to be THERE...next year 
I hate seeing people unhappy: I feel like I should try to fix things 
@stephylouise I know  Such a bloody shame. Makes me so angry to think she could be walking free in 3 years.. :|
@IanMBinns Still status reporting unfortunately! 
@frostedcouture so jealous!  i'm dying to just get out of the office and go somewhere warm and fun!  i want to play outside 
@applesu :|||| unfair, picking on me while i'm sleep-deprived 
Curses, no movies yet, no HD Incredible Hulk for me it would seem 
i hate broken internet  my phone bills gonna be huge! What shall i wear tonight? Ps happy birthday nan!
I am so frustrated right now. Feeling quite convicted this morning. 
Not working is much more enjoyable. And i forgot my book to read at lunch  bet i can make it home and back in 30..
@kathtrinder 'I hate the spring, it makes me feel so cheerful and glad to be alive'?  Yeah, that struck a chord tbh 
@valleseco happy days! ...except I'm off to Germany with year 8... on a coach  I must have been evil in a previous incarnation...
@Carlkr i voted 4 ya!! even tho u didnt respond to my tweets  its all good tho
Funny thing...in order to #dream, you kinda have to sleep! 
Going to see the boy soon, hope mr busman doesn't look at my pass! Rain upsets my soul greatly 
is glad its friday and a three day weekend but there is so much sadness today.  
@braddaughtery nah! I get to see him all the time. Lol jk heck ya im jealous! Just kick me when im down! Lol 
Glad you are in a better mood KJ.  don't be in a funk.  
Had a wonderful night. Didn't last long enough tho.  I'm going to have a good day today tho.
Missing out @dotnetwork gathering tomorrow. Sudden issues related to flight that forced canceling it  #DNK
@ObieTheGreat not fair, i'm still working! 
@taqee - oh fun times!  everyone's moving back but me 
Enjoying Esthero's Wikked Li'l Grrrls. I miss having an iPod 
@paracoco whats good Mrs. Texas!!! everything is sunny in AR right now..but that will change later today..more rain 
Alignment on the truck is a bit on the funky side. I'm going to have to get that fixed sometime soon. 
TFIG!!!!!!!   no fun looking out the window from work at the sunshine 
feeling depressed without reason 
@johncessna Correct  Will Bijoy be in town on Monday?  I could run the cash over before I hit the road with @screenrider. #LAftw
@iamfacemelter Awesome, man!! Damn wish I lived down there so I could make it. Guess I'll have to settle for the YouTube video 
@feeru i know how you feel with your mom, but if she's gonna be like this, why even try 
@NicolaGreen1 would be awesome if it would actually quit raining.....its not stopped since I got here   how's home?
I make so many mistakes-and instead of helping me change a lot of people criticize bcause I should KNOW better??  like I know everything!
my trip is catching up with me today...tired  enjoying a relaxing, lazy morning!
@Blue_Rose_ Oooh, fancy. I'm ever so slightly jealous, as when I away on my next trip I will have no tech at all with me 
@SethRader unfortunately no 
sooo Goodbye Yellow Brickle Road was AMAZING. too bad it's a limited flavor.  http://tumblr.com/xui1udbwk
He's getting off early so that should be fun.. too ad theirs no sun 
@jonmphillips enjoy it while you can - such things don't exist for pastors 
@mirsween Only in a picture, but that could have been photoshopped.  Oh, and at a funeral. 
@elvraine Arrg... food looks awesome... not fair! 
There are some brilliant songs in the #firstrecord topic. I was born in the wrong decade  or at least the wrong end of a good decade.
Is hungry and it isn't even close to lunch time. 
God. Sheryl went off.  Noooo. We were all having fun already. She has to come back!
Bloody shattered and to all those who are going to be having fun tonight HATE@YOU since I'm working an early  xo
Computer problems ... again! Major operating system woes that won't let me even open a browser. Hope it's not a virus. 
@antvern I cannot get in either.  Glad to know at least its not me.  Gee no VO not chat no update.  Not a good way to end the week 
Gudmornin every1 damn it look nasty n miami man I live here &amp; I want it 2 be sunny nt raining  well I have fun sum type of way..gudmornin
@HappyHotelier Well, having eliminated cache we still face problems with currencies &amp; various data formats suppliers provide us with 
@lilyroseallen Hope you enjoyed the safari! Hope you enjoyed Africa. I miss it every day since moving over to bloody souless london 
At work not enjoying my Starbuck's coffee...I ordered a chai tea. 
@jackieguthrie74 Love the slipn slide, but my kids always get bruised  Looks like she had fun, great weather! Love the pink bike and gear
@MakeupLoveer Glad it went Ok! I've only had 3 so far, start again after half term  When do you finish? x
@CJIII not fair!! i just changed my pic 
funeral for my favorite jeans.  i need retail therapy!
@KHRISsSs things are good just chillen enjoying summer and i hate u cause thats my man i was listening to the show last night 
@adrianhopkins Happy last day bro!!!!!!!!!!!!! VH1 will be sad today when you leave 
is enjoying her first day of summer vaca.But house is quiet-no Ryan 
Unfortunately, America isn't ready for someone as edgy as  Adam 
need to stay back a bit late in the office on friday evening!! that's suck. 
@fivefootfemale I will be tweeting live from the race! I don't think you can see results online during the event 
@teedramoses Ok... I know I'm late, but I JUST came across the &quot;Lionhearted&quot; mixtape... WONDERFUL!! Mad I missed u in DC  I wish u well..
when I call my house, it comes up as Francesca Gimeli. It sucks that even my most secret of alias' don't stay secret for long 
bye bye destin...  its been fun!!
@JosephPiearson My all time favorite place to run. I wish I could run there today  Have fun!!
Having fun with a new #Watchguard #Firebox today....(he says with a smirk)....  
the show was amazing in sydney! but i pulled my back  luckily sex and the city is on so im relaxing!
@djaaries I didnt even get to hit up anything. had to rush back next day 
@cassieventura tht 1 girl who sang &quot;Me &amp; You&quot; she is one of mah favs..tried getting her on my morning show once she nvr responded  lol
@marksudack It's so much more fun to diy than to hire someone isn't it? What color(s)? i'm already regretting the color I used 4 my room 
is cleaning her house and not wanting to go to work. I wanna go shopping with my ma. Its not fun being an adult. 
@kimberlywarne no pic unfortunately 
is not making Nick very happy today, poor little guy 
@indie_danielle: Don't worry. I bought the shoes knowing that they would find a good home. Even if it wasn't mine 
@Trece09 i didnt take any days off....i  dont think im comin, im broke  no $$ = no fun
Everytime I see happy couples in the hallway I think about how people used to envy &quot;us&quot; like I envy &quot;them&quot;... 
@spenbroc its a crank shaft sensor and air intake valve and sensor - fairly common but not in stock and with Bank Holiday 
I am soo happy its finally the weekend! Too bad for working tomorrow though 
@mmmBrie Yes. Work.  But let me know if you're up for margarita mass on Sunday evening.
despising the overuse of airconditioning. I am so cold. 
isss sattt ere upsetttt coss waterloo road is not onnn anyyy more 
Darn, twitter shrunk the link  There's a functionality in wikipedia that randomly send you to a page. It's called 'Random Article'
Just mowed the lawn partialy. Earlier this day Pien, Anke and Esmee visited us. Lots of fun with J'mien and Ella,.. not without damage 
@Bel Yes    Tropical holidays are my favourite. Glad you had a lovely time.
WTF, sat outside for happy hour yesterday and now I have a bunch of mosquito bites on my lower back 
@miraclelaurie I agree! I miss Dollhouse on Fridays ... I have nothing to do!  I'm still REALLY glad we're getting a 2nd season!!! 
@mindtechnica was sitting outside enjoy the warm sun, but slight cool breeze and nature...... until battery died on the laptop. 
@jojuber i don't understand  sorry i missed monday night, hope you girls had fun?
@warrencass Off to the Norfolk Broads for a bit of R&amp;R (and a bit of DIY too  ). Have a good one Warren and enjoy the weather
@StevenBarley Yup, for my 8th grader, too! I am feeling old 
@Cara62442 omg, i want to go! That sounds awesome, why don't we have that here 
@Gianavel Unfortunately not in 3D   Hopefully I will be when I'm back home from uni, if it's still showing!
@vnessaiverson I gotta work this weekend gurl no fun for me 
@custardfairy ? That sounds ominous. 
it's amazing how messy my desk gets just a day or two after i clean it 
Twitter direct messages broken?  Spent a lot of time choosing the words, &amp; they didn't even save.
@babe73105 No problem. Feel better soon. It's been going around, so I hope your bronchits gets better. thats no fun. 
toothache isn't much fun 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5nw9a - Awesome picture but make me sad  Make me remember that you're not gonna to come to Venzuela! ...
To Lucy Gordon, a thought for you!! it's not because someone is a celebrity that she /he is happy, the proof again with Lucy Gordon! 
@__dashboard it's a chance for upperclassmen to laugh mercilessly at freshmen  or maybe it's for fun. haha who knows?
@chewbecca76 awesome! let me know what happens. what are you doing man!? it's still raining here. 
The weather is really upsetting me 
Today my work week starts &amp; working a double on Monday,triple pay,yeah baby!!!No fun this week 4 me  It's all good,we can do it next week
not proud of myself 
Hit up Gruv and Malaia last night...fun spots! What up DJ Havoc! Huuuuuungova  
Back at work.  I was enjoying my time off. Good thing it is a 3 day weekend!
@serena_eliza that's how i feel sometimes even after a good night's sleep. i'm sorry you feel like you've been run over. 
@Jezriyah I can't even read entries from the office. 
fuck acid reflux? meh, it hurts so bad.  i wonder if this is why people commit suicide? omfg.   you guys don't even know.  fmlfmlfmlfml
@shawnrog re B-eye site: Wrote a comment on new Bill Inmon piece, clicked submit and it disappeared. Don't have time to redo.  Funny too'
@ihateraquelreed http://twitpic.com/5ozy0 - dats sad 
@clairethomey *sigh*  i am depressed right now. That looks sooo good.
@ktmaillis jealous of your iphone  i want
Frozen yoghurt remained awesome until I started to feel sick. Fucking dairy  I will never learn.
Feeling sleepy and sitting at work. Thinking about how I want to just do nothing for a whole week. I would be amazing to have a vacation 
@ktmaillis jealous of your new iphone  i want
@B_Loyal unfortunately, I don't have plans to return to San Diego in the near future.  
HOME!!!! haha....had LOADS of fun...we went to Pizza Hut and I had the littlest pizza EVER haha...no Pics though!  xx
@buckhollywood omg wasn't the end sooo sad  i'm happy she got the promotion but Molly! and MATT! sooo sad
@sugabear70603 Good too but my email folders keep crashing.    Other than that, awesome.  Thank you for reaching out.
I'm so jealous of @katiekayx and @likalisa  i want to be with them
I want to do something fun this weekend 
Baby caught brothers cold!  she's miserable... Me too
@streeterstevens you broke the internet again?!..... i broke my iphone  what a sad, sad, day.
Missing my hubby... An extra day off without my better half is not as fun 
Man it really sucks when you can't stop thinking about someone even though you know they're not thinking about you. 
@RexTheDogWalker I'm glad someone is getting good weather. We are now overcast with a 30 degree drop in temp. Was 85 Thurs. now 58. 
oh, add frustrated and disappointed to that 
@Hawkbow Even better! It's a gorgeous place, just the kind of place I'd like to live. I can run my biz anywhere, but hubby, not so much. 
Had an AWESOME time at Coldplay, but hated leaving my precious sleeping baby this morning!  Not looking forward to a long weekend wo Ian 
@DPROS 430? Great, I've got an appointment at 4 ... in BK!! How am I supposed to make it??  Haha, y'all have fun!
@Suzieqtuti that would amazing but the jail is keeping us until normal time 
@phoenixseven I tried to vote for her, but it told me I already had 
@funsizedmimi14 @hollaferheatha quit this chit-chat about tubing and tan lines on sunday  it's bad enough i cant get off work.
uhhh why did i have a nanna nap i would of been in bed by now  not happy
@chaoschick13, @storyfan, @missmercyb I'm sorry I had to abandon ship last night.    I had SO much fun nattering about the Croquet idea!
@mpf2011 No we haven't seen it.  Don't have HBO. Wife would love it as a gift though once on DVD! Hmmm.. Glad to know it's good!
I apologize to everyone following my tweets. Instead of happiness, I spread unhappiness....  cant even send an email to BPFurniture...
So upset that my second degree burn from 2 months ago has left a lifetime scar! 
just burning stupid windows seven to a dvd, gonna try and install it on my old pc, cos it won't let me use aero on my virtual machine! 
Sleepy and annoyed. Some girl grabbed the library's only copy of D2:The Mighty  Ducks before I had a chance. 
@pricelessrock hi! Unfortunately, we won't  We missed the registration deadline (FAIL) we will be out this summer! We'll list on our blog.
Bah. My bread dough isn't rising very well   Doesn't it know that there's an over-excited toddler who wants to play with it??
@katherine2490 how much is the difference  i just really was excited
@JustConnie I'm sure many have the best intentions at heart; I'm frustrated by those who choose to condemn or fear monger. 
@griffey Desperate to help daughter with ear infections without surgery. 
@thatcaseygurl87 lol, its just so sad how Bella is, shes so.....depressed, its sad 
Chilling in La Puente about 2 get my grub on  But still very depressed that the Lakers got punked last night  tonight go Dodgers .....
@KatherineKoutur glad I am not the only one...I need to get in gear with cleaning   blah
Chopping board now in hundreds of pieces all over the office floor. Cleaver in only two pieces. Ah well, it was fun while it lasted 
Mroning all...safe flight nd fun weekend to all leaving for Miami...smh...hating right now 
WOW! I poured me sum cheerios and sum milk, didnt check da milk, started eatin n dat shit tasted funny! Y da fuck milk was spoiled! Yuck! 
i'm going to miss my pace girls sooo much. seriously, class today was so much fun, i almost started crying when we left 
Waitin for desperate housewives 
i will never complain abt working too much now. i'm cutting into my refund check money 
At skool wit da babies, smiling at their innocence. Sigh. I luv my job! Only 8 days left 
Well I'm happy it's Friday but life still suck even on happy Friday 
After every awesome thing that happened today, i'm somehow not feeling that great.. 
@Mcflymissy stop making fun its not nice 
@DIVACANDICEM Lakers lost  Damn it - That's gonna make Vince even more angry...  - will you show up Tuesday?
I miss events.  I wanna go again.
@tommcfly I'm very happy that you're enjoing brazil, but feels bad that I coudn't buy my ticket to go to the rio's concert 
Trying 2 Be Happy 
@michaelsheen Being recognized in public yet Michael? Poor Rob...the boy can't even go out it Cannes.  Enjoy your tea!
@XPLOSIVECXC Happy Friday to you Sweetheart! I'm home alone this weekend, My wife left to Texas  so I'm gonna hit up Da BeeHive
I'm glad I have the day off! My mouth still hurts from the dentist yest. 
Its time for the mine!   The skyzip  looks amazing.  To bad I am a fat ass 
@plusmodelnikki ya it was fun even tho i suck at pool and my back feels alot better i had to cute off juice compeletly tho 
Great evening out on the Bund - vacation winding down   http://twitpic.com/5p1z4
dancing salsa was so awesome  totally can't feel my legs 
@MicheleKerr , you don't even follow your own daughter on Twitter  Lame!  See you soon!
@prettyinpunk1 no way we cuda went  i didnt even no bout them bein in manchester
had to break into my house the scary way  was awesome though.
@eyes tried to twitter you one, unfortunately didn't work 
@dm i'm seeing &quot;so you think you can dance&quot; viewing nights in the future.  BTW - have fun in Seattle!  Wish i were there 
turn off the sun. Please?  This is unbearable. ((
breaking down and getting a coffee    and some awesome cherries I just found at IGA!!!!
@kac0013 It's really amazing how fast we can gain weight.  My big problem is that I love to eat very much!
@brendarana oh me too. unfortunately, you know the actual weekend will buzz by... 
Happy Friday everyone!  I am insanely jealous of anyone who has Monday off 
@niffster yo, i tried to send you a direct message last night, did it work? i dont think the function is working for me 
Workin today. Oh yay! I totally wish my job was more fun 
soo glad the rain is finally done with, alot of people in florida are under water 
@shmanddd inapprop! would giovanna approve? i mean.. i'm not even there to do it with you 
@cassieventura DANITY KANE.... WOMP WOMP WOMP... LIKE 4 REAL I REALLY DID AND STILL DO... CRIED LIKE A BABY WHEN THE SPLIT UP 
I'm in such a happy mood. I think going to work will make it go away  Atleast it's payday!
I have such a headache. Last official day of school today  why do i feel sad? i was supposed to be happy!!!
and i was reallyyyy looking forward to go to australia! does anyone undersand what i thinking now? anyway..unhappy 
I dreamt of eating really good food. I even tasted it in my sleep. Then i woke up starving 
@watfordga no won't be at Blackpool have another event 
@sunmoonMER yesss! i had sooo much fun! wish you were on the cruise! 
I am so pissed at myself. I stayed up till 2am playing sims without saving and killed off my single awesome dude by fixing the tv.  
What the hell?!?! All I'm trying to do is add a picture, and it's not letting me, even though it says &quot;Nice pic!&quot; Nothing shows up! 
KFC grilled chicken with a side of mac n' cheese and potato wedges. Got it at ten, it's 11:33 and I'm not even half way thru. Pain 
Depressed, wish I had tickets for this years asylum con 
So I'm a loser and didn't mean to twitter that...  happy Friday friends!!
has officially left school, today was well sad  tonights going to be amazing tho! 
has a bug. Can't even keep water down 
@shuyeeA i want to but couldnt connect  .r u on chatroll?have fun and send my love to them.and you too
@Zeblue_Prime  Are you sure about that?  I mean who would be that gullible?  No such thing as awesome sprinkles.  Sadly 
@MissBarManners I saw that. And it doesn't even look like we are writing for them per se. More like they are just using our articles. 
My comp at work is shot... Im upset 
@Squibby_ well lucky in the sense that you found people. I came out at 15 and no one even went near me til I was 19. 
@lollipop26 Oh I am so glad you have calmed my nerves. I have victoria beckham brows right now 
@Lynerd ohhh okay.  It's amazing how the school building reflects sound right to us.  It sounds like it's coming in every single window. 
@heyitsjanpaolo I shared a breakfast burrito with a side of hash browns yesterday. It was so amazing. UGHHH. I'm going to miss them! 
got our bond back minus mystery $80. Not a happy 
There are too many fricking options for the wii I don't even know what to buy first. 
@AngelaCYaws i'm jealous .. i want my carpets cleaned. i wanted to buy a cleaner cor xmas but my bf said no 
@Kevin_AnR_Shine u tell em Kev how r u? Sorry i missed the ascap event  @writersblocc heyy
All fun and games till someone loses a nut  http://twitpic.com/5p2w4
@jchiarelli No love from the command line unfortunately.  Had to end up restarting. 
feeling very ill and angry.....not a good day 
@FluffyFanoona dont worry! you'll enjoy the partyy! ill be sad without you guys! 
Depressed the spineless Senate voted down, 90 to 6, closing GITMO - I could close it for nothing... the last one out turns off light 
i REALLY miss the &quot;everyone&quot; button.  i really enjoyed reading right now's tweets.  sad.  i can't find new people now.  
is having a hard time functioning this morning  but promises to pull it together for tonight!!!!
Scoring is soooo boring (just to get a rhyme going...). Especially 21 orchestral parts. they don't even fit an A4! 
I wish I was in Morgantown so that I could do fun things in this nice weather and not have anything else to worry about. 
June Shriners Update - Kendrick Perkins added! Tix available now Unfortunately - Jacoby Ellsbury has cancelled his appearance  
Getting ready for work....Jason says I have to go in even if I don't feel good 
*sigh* I miss my friends.  This weekend needs to turn around, or I'll be miserable.
@Nikkers if you don't get it down more then no balcony fun? 
Why don't I have a &quot;Black Like My President&quot; mug??  Someone make that purchase for me and make me a happy girl?
Falling in&amp;out. I dont even know anymore... Feelings rushing back** What do I do?  &lt;/3
@TomBeasley pfffft wasteman... twitter still havent even assigned somebody to help me 
Ugh. Not even at work an hour and I'm already wanting to go home 
I'm so excited Kris won American Idol..but i'm so mad i'm missing SYTYCD 
ONE MORE WEEK TO GP EXAMS  flea fly flo fun tomorrow!
@djautomatic dang man i think everyone must be going thru something thats so not cool  i just want to be my happy ADHD self
#ilovemovies but I haven't even watched Angels &amp; Demons yet!! 
Jealous Of all the seniors at the beach 
is upset that she didn't get to suck face last night, stupid thrush, unless I find a hottie in Germany or Romania, 2 more weeks kiss free 
@sunnynorwich ahh sounds rather cool. Nope, not out tonight  shame really, its soo nice outside! x
Is not happy. Can't have any alcohol this weekend 
thinking of camping this bank holiday weekend even if its pouring down - to avoid looking at more brown patches on the ceiling at home 
@ShannerNanner last year i had these really indie friends, and they'd make fun of me cause my private school is less than theirs 
@alyssalang Seriously?? Not fun for you, huh! 
my baby is graduating today yayyyy....good job love....just wish i could b there to enjoy that with her 
@jadennation Aw, where did they go? I stayed in Bailey's BlogTV all night and she didn't even come to say hi this morning 
Im angry! and i dont know how to tell the person im angry @ that i am. they have no clue... grrrrrrr 
@lisathewaitress oh no  rough day already. And it's not even noon  I'm sorry. Hope you get to work patio to make up for it.
@LookLikeMeE I don't feel happy about it, too.  .__. have fun with Wii tomorrow
@Tableteer i'm sure it will happen eventually. they will iPhone-ize the tablet PC.. something I think MS should have done ages ago. 
@JackAllTimeLow Love it when you had a tour with HTL too  So funny
@lafinguy I know, but unfortunately not THE one.  It was a wedding gift 10 years ago and now out of stock.  Boo. Thx 4 checking tho!
Being sick is not very fun. 
Got to class last night, it was sunny. Left when dark and with an armload of materials. Hence, I left my new-ish sunglasses in the lab 
@PembsDave you're not bloody wrong. Still 15 minutes to go before I even get stuck in the rush hour traffic tho 
@2012ad that is so sad  Suicide is hard enough to deal with even when you hardly know the person or any of their connections
#is home with a sick little one ...  Glad it's Friday though!!!
sooo tired ugh  but i am excited for the next 3 weeks 
just left a rather tearful Raph at camp. seems full of jocks. of the somewhat malicious kind.   (Raph is not sporty. not a jock at all)
Bosbad was fun, hay fever's back again though, my eyes are all itchy and my nose is oozy, I hate hay fever... 
F the t.i. thing...im still upset about nas and kelis gettn divorced!  kelis filed so i guess nas is mad and refuses 2 give her support 
@twinklestah  I hope you're okay! Try and have a fun night &lt;3
Awwwwww Lujan Appreciation Day was amazing! Its overrr 
@JosefStylin jealous!!! I want one 
is randomly excited about being stuck in traffic tonight going up to the dessert lol XD and wondering why twitter doesn't send me updates 
They cant even be in the same room anymore.   : http://bit.ly/ZLvNm
@Berlybugg  really?? GOOD LUCK!!! Doing well...work is calling  Have fun and again Good Luck!!
heading to my cousin's funeral 
I have officially given up all hope on going on an awesome trip. I hate our economy 
@Tiffzeroseven Yeah, thats all that counts!  I missed Kris on Leno!    I gotta find a listing of his tv appearances.
My mum and dad r goin 2 c girls aloud tommorow in a private box at o2 and not takin me!! so unfair! 
omg im soooooo upset wanna go to school 2moz so i can have a hug of ***** he has just left and i already miss him  keep txtin hun miss u
my car was running so amazing until i put fuel injection cleaner in it, and now it barely runs.. 
on the wii, playing mario kart  fucking awesome, always come 1st and beat everyone, but i hate it when they push u or throw stuff at u 
Working at E-Bar allllll day. Upset cause I might miss the Magic game tonight 
@joycecherrier hey coach! I missed out on P90X for 2 whole weeks  (vacation) I'm back and doin doubles this time
Everyone is havin a fun holiday weekend except for me 
Aww. Dimitry misses Lily. Sigh. They should be together. Oh and I made a Tamale Verde ;)! No awesome points can be given though 
Im rly tired coz i slept over at dee's 4 TWO NIGHTS IN A ROW!! so fun. crows won!! HA! TAKE THT MRS BLAKE!! marley and me is sad 
@caz_smash Ur home already, eh? *hugs* It gets even worse once you're home doesn't it? lol  *more hugs* xxx
@fuzzieslipper hah, yeah, it was scary. And the school was good, Jordan is really excited to leave me behind. 
These mosquitoes are fucking miserable. Get'm off me 
going to bed now, work tomorrow, then a wondeful evening with the happy couple that don't stop smiling! 
In Charlotte with my Mom and sister enjoying time with them missing my hubby and kids though 
just got whooped fair &amp; square at monopoly by a 10 yr old kid 
omg did u c all the hot air balloons it was freakin awesome if u didnt so sad 
@The_Teach ooh that sounds fun...it's 11pm here and freezing 
@danamoos sighs...you had me all excited for lobster! (via @myrtlebeachblog) me too  hubbys fault. Made him soup and sammy
@expelliarmus Awww! *HUGS*  &lt;333 Let's write to her and tell her to write Happy Potter instead! XOXOX
still soooo many hours left. unhappy i am  also not enough food left
Last day of 3 day weekend  3 weeks till summer... where mcat fun
@solitaireclay07 I'm still angry at them leaving Dobby out of the Goblet of Fire, and SPEW was one of my favourite parts. 
On my way back home to normalcy...sigh. don't wanna leave   Best weekend ever...and awesome boat ride this morning!
@kirstiealley HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY!! I should NOT have eaten 5 hot dogs 
im glad i got 2 come back home frm dads. there wasnt anything going on and we couldnt get 2 the beach, which kinda sucked 
@myrika_fp hey ahhhhh im so sad about the discontinued stories  but i understand. you're an amazing writer &lt;3 my name on fp is trishmazing
I'm frustrated with this twitter, there are people I want to speak to and I can't unless they follow me back 
Awesome time with his girls in Oslo. On the way back to London 
- ACEY SLADE GIG WAS AMAZING! I miss them all already 
Run down : had a wonderful day, shopped, @BadBoyHenRoc was nice nd found my twin @212HARLEMG ...but the cavs lost 
@WasabiAnime JAcon was awesome, it's too bad that was the last one 
@ItaloGnomo i do not find that funny. 
@UnkleKhaly I don't think he's NYC bound either, unfortunately.  
@ninoflipelican whateva nino...I dnt even want to hear it.. 
@FabMissK its on my i pod and honestly you bitches don't have to take subways... books aren't fun there 
just got owned and even sadder cause the cavs lost in ot with another king james shot at the buzzer 
@selenagomez THREE MORE DAYS? I haven't even bumped into you yet in Vancouver! 
@Pink I was too thick to have an opinion. WTF?!!! Why is it the rudest &amp; meanest people, always have their mouths open?!!! Not Happy Jan! 
@Personal__Jesus no more ben  it will be a bittersweet show, will you be there?
Ok I am here! Did any one miss me? even a lil bit? no? 
@murderDanielle Awwwww. Well i have bigger issues. I'm very depressed for Lolly 
is happy my hair didnt get wet coming home from work in the rain. I wouldve been out the game cuz I broke my good flat irons earlier 2day 
just played tooth fairy to christina. woke her up. fuckkkkkk i hope she forgets 
@HappyTweetsi damn mike tyson cant get a break 
@stevebrink i just wanted to follow mark. im very upset about chicagos lineup for blink 
Eleven:Eleven. I wish Zack would come to his senses and megan would no longer be an issue. 
no dave concert for me today, unfortunately. 
@lyptis ugh! i know what that's like. i rely on good sunny weather for my photos too 
@jakriffer I'm going to bed in hopes of a better 2moro! I'm feeling so yuck &amp; still haven't found my happy place.  Nite nite sweetie!
Hey @starslip  no fair my chat isnt working   (krisstraub live &gt; http://ustre.am/ZGn)
 I'm depressed about the cavs loss now I'm checking out the Da Vinci Code for the first time!
sleeptt the entire afternoon/evening, no twitter!  oh and i just had butter chicken for dinner, it was SEX
just went through some old hs memories...tear  i miss seeing my fantastic four everyday!!!!
@roninreckless Peer pressure has nothing on me... but my empty wallet tells me that I cant have fun 
It's going to be one of those nights.  I can tell.  it's midnight and I'm not even the least bit tired.,.  i get up too early for this
I hate that I took a four hour nap. I was even late for Jeopardy 
@Lisa_Sage what sucks about grades is I had a teacher once who gave me an A- just to wreck the 4.0 he even said so...  Oh well right!
@hotnizz Grabe, are you excited for Kristin's debut? The Hills won't be the same without Lauren! 
@majornelson I am VERY Excited for the ZuneHD! I am jealous that select few will be given one in advance 
is hopelessly tweeting celebs and hoping they'll tweet back. No luck so far 
Walking around San Francisco this evening, I saw somebody walking their beagle.  It made me miss mine terribly.  
@LadyLunadai Our neighbors are wonderful. I'll miss them next year. 
i think it is MIGHTY sad that i just screamed for joy when Eck got hit.  i hope hes good
@JesaTM I'm sad I couldn't be there as well!  You guys should come to the High Praise concert Friday evening.
DAMN... ON SATURDAY A FEMALE WHO WAS CELEBRATING HER 21ST DOWNTOWN GOT SHOT AND KILLED AFTER A CONFRONTATION AFTER LEAVING CLUB BELO...  
still doing the happy dance about the vaca and my OAR.... but dangit, i'm a little sad about leaving my apt.  my first real home.  
@Enamoredsoul dont get too excited its still not final. 
@illeachoo i came to visit you but you weren't working yet.  your boss was all excited tho
packing for a fun filled weeked. not!!! ill be crying most of the time.  
Proud that a Latina was nominated as Supreme Court justice...too bad she is bleeding-heart liberal activist.  Guess you can't win 'em all 
@ben_mayer So the funs all over now 
@spicyface lol  and it is weird when random people follow me, and not even say hi or anything. kind of scary.
The beach is awesome, but sunburn sucks.  
Freeezing my ass off in lax... Dreading the shuttle ride to van nuys its going to be even colder  
@AngryBadgerGirl I'm sitting on my couch/bed &amp; looking that this light bulb I need to change, but it's high up &amp; I'm wee. 
@llamarama I KNOW I was so sad. Cali is usually made of awesome. Not today 
Now I feel hopelessly sad  stupid dreams
just broke his tv before  jimmy stewart: a wonderful life  was over 
North / South Korea about to goto war?  Drat! PC chip prices will go through the roof if things don't calm down. So no more cheap pc's 
@RyanSeacrest I know, that is such a tragedy.  I have two 5 year olds--coldn't even imagine the pain... 
@davidismyangel ahhhh i can't believe david had his first KISS!!! i'm sooo jealous of that girl!! lol he never mentioned her before! AHH 
@rehabc The follow up post is up! But its less offending and more sarcastic this time 
@fightfairy no 
@PaulaAbdul I miss you :'( weird night with no American Idol, even worse that I can't see u  sad...
I guess I'm done writing for now. Only 2 more papers to write before Saturday..and now I'm not even sleepy 
happy bday to my boyfriend! he's not feeling too good today 
@coreenfun playoff tix are 175 (or more) for nosebleeds  so spensive?
@krisstraub  is there a moderater in there who can help me 
just got done working out and I think i'm going to pass out! aging isn't fun 
prop 8... unfortunate  this isn't even something we should be deciding.
I'm not feeling too awesome tonight, think it was something I ate 
@KittySorceress But unfortunately because we are a territory when the Legislative Assembly approved Gay Marriage the Feds could reject it 
Soooo, prop 8 didn't go thru....not cool.  Why can't we all just get along and let everyone be happy? 
Unfortunately our recent webinar on strategies for a bear market didn't record properly 
You're a poop. A big piece. I want funnn 
@Tiffzeroseven  Makes me sad, I missed your tweets.
Back to reality tomorrow  ...Thanks David Cook and Ryan Star for the best weekend I've had in a while! You guys are AMAZING!
@CSI_PrintChick Glad he's OK. I know what it's like having a small child in the hospital. 
i just had a nice afternoon and evening at eastwood yesterday. i wanna eat yellowcab! 
Sickness is no fun  and tomorrow morning is going to be busyy.
@mandawatson Haha... aww cause yea I was jealous for a sec!!! It was soo cold today... I'm so sick 
@koduckgirl yeh, tell Tom hi for us! unfortunately @de11e and I can't make it tonight. 
@bubbler63 yea I know I'll realize it. life is so easy right now but I can't help that I'm not enjoying it as much as I know I should 
Just got back from the baseball game! The seats were amazing....the gane not so much....unfortunately 
Tonight was amazingly fun. Poor cav's 
@14eleven omggg, that's so terrible   i'm gonna look it up now.
did a back 1 1/4 yesterday at trampoline. It was fantastic, but now my back is sore 
Desperate need of a massage 
@GreyEyedGirl haha sweet I was confused too. Then he went and killed himself  LOL Jacobs so funny sometimes 'what's fast travel?'
gah, this is upsetting. the proposition 8 ban is still upheld by the CA supreme court. 
On the downside. Presentation bombed  Too much content. Now that's a first! But M looks like a pimp in a suit... and acts like a monkey :\
Just got home from the gym. Feeling nauseated n lightheaded. Not sure y. I didn't even work out hard.  Oh well. Sleep time after shower...
Not excited for class tomorrow, but I'm proud at how productive my day was--- sadly, I still have a LONG way to go 
not even 1 answer... 
@rockentry awww, we are not in sync today, i'm just calling it a day now  .. well happy tweeting!  xx
not a wonderfull day as I expected to be 
@ambiguousfacade i know, george shoots him,  not even halfway through and i already know ending (friends)
@abiFACE aw  im gonna miss ya.. and i won even be home this summer to see u 
would, at this point in the night, be smoking a bowl in my cave of a bedroom and listening to awesome music (Opeth). But  not tonight
@angie1234p it was costly and cheep o me is not happy about it 
watchin some showws online! then bed!! long day at work tom 11-7  excited yet nervous to see someone special on thursday! eek :o
FML. my phone is being a dickweed!  i am in desperate need of a new one, lmfao.
 im happy, excited &amp;sad all wrapped up in one!! LOL!
ust got back from the baseball game! The seats were amazing....the game not so much....unfortunately 
@sevendirtywords This twittertwatter is actually addicting, and I cannot get my picture to show up!  
@kricket_rc234 real jeff kiddo. I also do not know why they're pissed! Jealous much? They have to grow up. Poor David.. 
now I'm sooOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO  angry but only with one person he hurt me  
I &lt;3 @harthanson NOT @harthansen.  Former = brilliant. Latter = reflection of my spelling ineptitude  Sry to &quot;sen&quot; for unintended slight.
@CyndiSabine I started but I lost funding.     I'm working on a marshmallow propulsion experiment though.
bght my ticket 4 sunny louisiana! woot! was thinkin, y do ppl say unnecessary hurtful things? there is really no need, it's n poor taste 
Work finito for the evening.....gonna get up and do it again in about 5 hours 
@martinamcbride sounds like an awesome idea! my hubby is at work alllll night 
By the time I ever get around to writing some kind of message I am way too tired!  So unfortunately I have nothing interesting to say 
@CoastalMama sigh I hear you on that one.  I don't get how they can do that, but it happens with me and my sister too   I'm glad she's ok!
I got a f@*kin virus that even malwarebytes can't get rid of. Have to reformat my PC.  New blogs on hold.
Furious over today's events. Love is just that. Some should be so fortunate... Sorry GLBT ppl, I was rootin for ya 
@kricket_rc234 yeah. Sad. I just wish everybody would just be happy for @DavidArchie.  and respect @jeffarchuleta
@ssnoddy me too! which is awesome because I was exhausted allllll day. 
@H1ROKO hahaha you paid to do something you don't even like. Oh wait, so did I. Its called school. Fail 
@seashellz WTF i am so offended by the ht kandi! i refuse to let kandi die 
@cryst_trueblue aww yeah sorry   I HATE THEM .... they arent even like the official fanclub TEAM JONAS is
goin to bed. so tired. fun, long day. tomorrow's gonna be so stressful. ugh. im not happy. the ppl off from school already are so lucky! 
@BellaKavner98 Unfortunately i am at work  what time is it there ? xx
 my sisters are heart broken and I can't even help cause I am too.. // My unfollow button is just ASKING to be hit..
SUPER HAPPY MY COUSIN FOUND HER DOG.. SORRY 4 NOT BEIN RESPONSIBLE 
Gnite world, its been a long, exhausting day! I need a Spa Day desperately!! And, enough of this rain already! Not good for my hair 
@andydugan not even close to anything as exciting as the news i got after! 
this week needs to end with a happy ending.  sorry @MsHollyOlly3 i havent been replying..
One of the last songs I heard before I left the coffee shop was Duncan Sheik, who makes me think of Blake. He did even before Blake died. 
Having friends around for dinner tonight... should be fun, but also sad as we won't see them again for ages 
When you all go off to blogher I am going to be a jealous sad mac 
@AMAZING725 thas 2 bad 
@tweetweetjoyyy oh! my 'couz is a huge fan! and she dances that like wherever she goes! but the steps are sorta hard 
a little upset that her Macbook is cracking AGAIN for the third time. I haven't even closed it since I got it fixed the last time. 
@w4lucy jealous of your storms!! We haven't had a single good storm this year!! 
I'VE BEEN REALLY BUSY. I'm glad most of it is over, but there are still 2 big projects in my way, and my declining Bio too 
@asjonish aaaww good luck with the tablet  does it have an Atom CPU? Ubuntu netbook remix is fun!
@zazz_com_au My Spy Pen is borked! It was ok then it just stopped working.  No lights, nuffin. PC can't even read it. HRELP!
@godisvoid damn, i didnt even kno they voted on it again. 
Oh No - the Cavs lost game 4  Cavs are 1 loss away from triggering a nuclear event that would make the hadron look like tiddlywinks ,,
@dj_diva you didn't even say nothin about the list I gave you  hmph.
still love the bewers even after that devastating loss 
is now officially upset that I will miss the opening of Artomatic!  -- http://artomatic.org/node/5829
@cryst_trueblue mean europe too ... cause that whole thing bout them not coming really annoyed me!! 
It's the little things I buy that get me excited! ...our last one broke    http://twitpic.com/61dhq
Ps not just because abi's moving even though thats... Drastic  yuigfgyuid
@dphresh I was joking! Sheesh.  Lol. Is he online even?
@andylevy hard to understand how to deal with madness....incredible 
so glad work is over. so chaotic today. 
@mkenn076 Hey! Are you makingg fun of my typing? 
@pocofifi  i love yooooou. and i am excited to work out. i think. hahahaha.
Sends love to all the kids who have to go through dialysis every day. Hopes Rani will stop making fun!  I miss Audrey! thanx rani!!!!!! 
@bholbrook81 DISGUSTED me as well!  It's a GAME, FGS! People seem to missing that! We don't OWE FC ANYTHING! :-\
@callierenee thanks  have fun tonight! who are you seeing??
@philo reply to my texts  you cant even read this but mehh
Just spent the last 5 hours cleaning my room. Oh my goodness. I am not even done. 
@aplusk props on the new show. However, I'm saddened cuz the CW canceled Reaper! It was smart and funny but never really caught on 
@SelGomezTeam I Love Selena Iam Happy You Make A Site About Her I Have One And It Got Detele 
New posts on tumblr ... it didn't tweet them boo  http://bittersweetm.tumblr.com
i want to learn how to sew, i am finding the most amazing sewing projects lately and i have no idea how to do any of them 
depressed....my cell won't work 
Enjoyin a birthday blizzard from Dairy Queen. No more parties or cakes  That's what happens when you are truly alone in the world.
I need sleeeep!!! I'm not gonna be able to function tomorrow at work... I can't sleep though.... 
pink tonight, hope my sisters enjoy MY tickets! 
ugh my night has just begun...here's to another fun all-nighter 
a very long difficult day planning for the funeral and arrangements for my Dad's funeral. Got a copy of his will today. Feeling very sad. 
@todd_herman - Why'd you kick me out?  I am Canadian. Canadian girls and happy hour go kinda hand in hand. (So I've heard....)
@DrMegan81 well, what's the fun in that?? 
I'm blown I missed the game.. I am not feeling good tonight  but I hear the Magic pulled it out in the end..WOW! Have a blessed rest,Nite!
@MelinaWasHere, don't worry, I'm happy! I don't have Danimals to bring to the field trip 
@RubyRose1 prop 8 didn't pass... again? OMG why does it even have to go to a vote. Obama should just work his magic? 
Sorry about mispelling Californians... I'm pretty drunk. But still outraged! 
@ParkerMama Oh, I know. I just wish there were ways for everyone to be happy in these situations, I guess. 
is frustrated because the BIBD atms aren't working. Faak 
@ddeeaannnnaa89 at least another hour before I can join in the fun 
@TheMandyMoore not fair that y'all got to go out, while I'm at work  oh wells.... c'est la vie
@iamdiddy I'm glad you made it and everything. But I haven't seen where you mentioned the loss of Mike Tyson's 4yr. old daughter. 
@lia_joyce oh no. i plan on buying for a friend before i buy for myself  darn it. oh well.
Omg Taylor Swift was amazing she is a true performer. I would so go see Taylor again. Kellie Pickler was too sick to perform 
Think I might head to bed right now... tonight was so much fun, and I'm so tired... Another regular day tomorrow 
@Silvercharger yeah i just dicovered that. tayswift is suspended.  all this time i thought it was real. i think she even had tweetpics?idk
Working on the photos from Babylon Falling's last reception for an @fecalface report. Bitter-sweet. 
@azzmonkey thats hillarious but why couldnt i be the blonde  lmfaooooooo make me a login so i can post haaaa ill post some funny shit
@melissakeyes Your welcome hun, I though my friend @JanineSmith might be interested. I know she is upset about today 
WONDERING WHY PEOPLE HAVE TO AFFECT U NEGATIVELY! 
@awesomepatdfan  do u ever take them out?
@JasmineAtAnimax  ya for sure!!! i too would love to be ther..but i can't!  it also would be fun to be at the comics.game expo it
@TinaVane http://twitpic.com/61e07 - That's just friggin disgusting ! Why would u even think to post a pic like that !! 
@lizzyron: that's what I thought! Probably near donnie... I wouldn't even know where to start looking tho 
Ohhhh @ashycee English is no fun 
@schmelmel haha. two unrelated comments. sunny side up is an album being released 6/1. summer plans tba. 
@zivklara IKR. It had better. haha. I had to fly all over to manila.   But it was fun. The good thing was, I got to watch concerts. LOL.
@wow2000 yeah I'm leaving tonight unfortunately I could totally live here  #Amsterdam
At the pub with lots of my favorite people....last Boro fun night 
is pissed at him. Why can't you just TRY to be sweet. You can update your status &amp; have a convo, but not mention being excited to see me. 
enjoying a dry martini w/ two olives and a magazine. laying in bed watching this show dirt on dvd. all the good ones get cancelled. 
There is too much going on right now! I just want to go on a fun trip and forget all the planning and grown-up stuff I have to get done. 
@energise_ross Don't be jealous, I'm house sitting. I've only got it for another 2 weeks 
@TraceCyrus oh yeah and have a nice time in japan! Im really annoyed that the tickets for shepards bush are sold out  xxx
@craig_martin I've gotten very little out of LinkedIn. Oodles of spam and unrelated inquiries...  
NOOOOO! The blue Coke glasses are finished! No more stock! Am so depressed i didn't even order from Maccas   
@sunnif why so depressed 
@mpchristoffels Yeah, I've been in an awful mood all day. Pretty much generally unhappy with anything and everything... 
I am sad. I can't get married if I wanted to. I don't have a job. The Angels are losing. Critics are talking smack about Favre. 
I hate that my life is being controlled by a stupid working schedule that someone else sets up for me . 
@_Smiles_  no fair...this phone lets me do everything I wanna do...except see live streams 
http://bit.ly/nljMZ This is so sad. And happy. But alot sad. 
Okay the *feeling good* stint is wearing off. Wonder if hubby will dispense the 'happy' medicine early 
@danyelljoy i wanna see you toooo... aye mess yewwwww 
@Catherine739 I feel for ya on that! motherhood can really not play fair sometimes 
@FranAspiemom I can so realate. i feel tired, but not sleepy even with meds  and all i can think about are sad things. i hate these nights
somehow finds drama with people she thinks she can trust  but will make a positive out of a negative.
@FASHIONNATION Yeah...but we have to wait til Oct. that's still a /fail. And I might not even be here then. 
@Cynnergies how tragic! I heard that these types of accidents happen even with cords from mini-blinds, tv's, dressers falling on kids  sad
@LaurenConrad hey lauren! just watched ep 9 and the aftershow! you are just amazing! the hills won't be the same  ~pat, manila philippines
@djphokiss i ain't hatin, i'm just sayin....lmbo [actually jealous i don't have it in me anymore  ]
@chellanglo yes, sometimes when i make big efforts to reach my goals i get very nervous and unhappy, i push myself and do not feel well 
the internet is extremely slow.....annoyed 
@proudlyinsane We all are. BORED. Tsk. 
LMFAO at Dave Chapelle playing Diddy on the Chapelle Show... I just died and came back for MTB 2! OMGosh... too funny. I miss MTB2 tho 
@JoAnnaLGarcia sorry to hear about that!   I know you'll get something even better soon!
Life always knows how to make things worse, when they are already bad. Is it possible to be even worse than it is right now? 
@littleiggy hi my twitterfriend. I like twittering to you bc you and @taylorshockley are my only fwends on hea  and i dont even like her.
Ah, I need to work on my life  I'm not getting anywhere by being negative.
ok gtg pick the brats up from school have fun i know i wont be 
Looks like it's just stress related... Too much drama in her life right now.  Thanks everyone for the support.
Pouting. I just got 2 more Happy B'day wishes.  That makes 4.  Nearly everyone forgot it this year-even J!  Thanks to all who remembered.
@chuckwicksmusic Aww!! So sorry you got even more sick after Sunday!  Hope you get to feeling better soon!
i had the most fun the TJ chat then i have had EVER. I wish i could've gone on chatzy..but this computer doesnt like it  i miss my laptop
is confused and stressed and a wee bit upset at the moment.  Needs a really long vacation.
@Ducky562 i wont be able to go to korine's thing i have to work a park event from 10-4 n then head over to my mom's party thing! sorry! 
@awyeahbabe lol if i even get that date with her 
@rachel1975     an evil fairy slip some gluten into your lunch?
@landoncassill Shoot man, I have so many friends I don't even notice that stuff...I think I only have 500 friends 
@r_boogie well id love to..not sure the invite stands for me tho..considering the way the cookie has crumbled  looked like it was fun tho
@mizzlalabaybii I WANNA GOOOOOOO.... BUTTTTTT Unfortunately IM BROKE...  SHIT SUCKS WHEN U DNT HAVE A JOB
school work blows when you have to cram it all in two days i dont even understand it  but i leave thursday for arizonaaaaaaa for a week.
http://www.radiomusicawards.com.ph/vote.html VOTE! Unfair. Walang Chicosci. 
@mizplunderbunny dont want to gota i dont think the teachers would be happy to keep my kids for the night lol,i want to say and chat more 
I wish @mandyrose4u was in the TJ chat tonight...she would've had fun.  anyway...seriously GOODNIGHT!
@basketkace Direction in my life would be awesome too. I've started actually CONSIDERING the whole police/fbi/sniper thing! 
@RiskyBusinessMB i'd be more excited if i wasn't going to be at disneyland all day, so i'll miss the chat 
@imalbertgrr you were right. closing is NO fun  i hate it. and i'm doing it again tomorrow. bleh!
So much stuff to do and so little of it is school related -- i need to get back on the school train, i'm sorry classes. 
Looking forward to the new No Doubt  album for some reason, even though I know it won't be in the Tragic Kingdom style 
@mileycyrus Sorry Miley, I am sure it can make you miserable at times 
@monipython ohh that's right! I thought u were referring to something else. And yeah i'm upset too! 
i have to be at court in 7 hours  not so excited...
Java + jython + python + gdf (guess) != fun  plus, my computer ran out of memory... The future isn't very bright for this project...
@macmuso got off and waited for 15 mintues (in the rain) to catch the bus back and pick up my car. not a fun day 
@JoyIsFancy Le suck. 
@MissBridge So jealous of @Leighdav right now. ***Pouting*** 
Not so happy @ this moment..upset 
enjoyed Angel's game, even though they lost 
It's now 6.15 and I'm getting ready for my placement and am shatered 
@Lauriei94 Happy B-Day ! Sorry I missed it  Didn't leave the studio till 2:30am on fri, hope you had a great 1
@JewelryTVHost unfortunately no 
@TheePatDorime sorry 2 burst ur bubble but lebron's contract isn't even up plus he already sed no bueno on leavin cleveland...sorry  haha
why cant i make everyone happy? disappointing people hurts. especially when you disappoint the ones you love. if i've hurt you, im sorry. 
@radicand You poor thing!  Hope the ankle gets better soon. No fun...
@lexi_bexi has the prof from the 714 posted your grade? or even quiz avg!? it says avg quiz score is 79.62 for class but mines not up yet 
@kirash4 uploaded the pic. and not really... all i ever get is inappropriate stuff. even when the majority of my body is covered. 
@iamdiddy CONGRATS DIDDY EVEN THOUGH I HAD FAITH N U FRM TH BEGIN N U NEVA REPLIED 
@delicioustack does it??? i'm offended 
@Baby_Mittens Mama was very upset because it turns out if was an AOL employee that did it, and dey do it to alot of people 
@mileycyrus Oh honey   They should just let u live your life &amp; only take snaps of u when at public events! What did they do this time? x
@Pegalily sucks you fell today! I wrote you a super funny tweet the other day and u didn't write back 
hmm..bed yes.. work tomorrow.. doesnt even feel like i had a day off 
Im home chilling on my day off but damn i reaLLY dont wanna go tomorrow     who seen that SPECTACULAR vid?     effin funnyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
When I'm frustrated I only write about one thing and I can't stop  I need a new journal
@minorityx ME.  have funn. oh wow it's next monday, i thought it was still ages away.
Ok so somehow ashwee managed to make a WHOLE bottle of purple Punky explode all over the bathroom and even some on the carpet 
@chrisbrogan I will see you at Fuse but I'm working tomorrow  sad to miss all the fun
http://twitter.com/tlampo/statuses/1932814735 &quot;Java + jython + python + gdf (guess) != fun  plus, my computer ran out of memory... The ...
@monipython I don't even no haha like something that happened at school or something but yeah I'm upset about prop 8 
@hrheingold Hi Howard..I'm totally jealous--Amsterdam...Wow!!!  I'm taking summer courses   Have a wonderful time. See you soon 
@LaserOrbs            Laser Orb has the coolest glowing avatar and I'm all green and envious             pouting.   
so sad to hear about Mike Tyson's 4-yr-old daughter  May she rest in peace.  I can't even imagine what the mom must be feeling...
is paying the price for an amazing weekend right now...so sick, haven't gotten out of bed all day 
Ay yiyi, poor lost dog. She's so sweet.. dirty, obv hurt &amp; prob sick. Glad she's out of the rain-she's prob been on the road for a while 
Completely annoyed that I can't sleep and the satellite has been knocked out by the rain. 
After flipping through this months &quot;Spin&quot; and seeing the ad, I've decided to buy the new canon powershot camera. I'm an awesome consumer 
@stephaniepolley I agree. After watching that, I didn't feel very happy...just sad for them.  What do you think about Kate's attitude?
Seriously wondering about life and why it is tremendously unfair! Films from Melbourne turned out blank, now must start again 
Now the funnn partttt, getting it all off  erghhhh
It would be cheaper to buy it in the UK and have it shipped here.  That's just not funny. That really isnt. I'm going to find a library.
@Connie_Lingus Told you!! I'm jealous  I neeeeed my beeeerryyyyy *tear
down with fever. nursing myself on bed while watching seven pounds. It's such a heart-wrenching movie 
For some reason.. I'm really excited to eat Nandos tonight  but I have to play netball at 9 
@mileycyrus aww  i hate paparatzzi they annoy me just seeing them! lol even tho they dont follow me! but i wouldnt like it if they did 
i dont sleep when schools in session. procrastination is MUCH more fun. 
i wanna see u happy again  !!
Ouchy stomach is cramping. It ain't too happy with the food here, I guess 
pretty miserable and empty.. :/ i think singing landlocked blues over and over probably isn't helping my mood much..  i should sleep...
@webaddict really. I did not know that aplusk controlled freedom in the twitterverse 
I like being on the board of my various non-profits, but it's starting to seriously mess with fun sporting events  Go Giants tomorrow :0)
ps: I'm so angry but i dont even know why  
Religious faith and fairmindedness are not incompatible! Wish other Christians didn't make me look bad.   #rejectprop8
I'm getting frustrated cuz I can't figure out how to find the only 2 people I KNOW are on here!!!! 
@ashsimpsonwentz @petewentz ash, you just hurted my feelings... pete is pretty amazing and cool  lol
@erica042790 i miss you boo..  come back to me.. okay. i am enjoying the whole sleeping thing though! ha ha.. love you baby!
.....thanks to everyone supporting the movement, though it didn't move much  @Moriqua143 @ShandaTV @JAM05028 @Awesomenezz
Aw you know what's sad/funny? - I remember when JFKennedy lost his virginity  We've been friends for TOO... http://tumblr.com/xza1vnifl
Just saw America's Top 50 funniest tv phrases... No Cheers Phrases 
Lost my prescription sunglasses the other day. Not very happy with myself. 
Sigh... @drnormal is all business... Won't even let me show him pictures of people's dogs 
At my grandma's house. Failing at tryin to sleep even though I'm beat. Wishing I could talk to Ryan 
@Shaundrie wow she really upset one fan lost 
@rebekahfair I hate when that happens. Mom got me an Evenstar knockoff for Xmas one year, and now it only has half the shiny it should. 
@jploh: Kantaris looks awesome, but I don't see Linux support. Just wish there's a Linux binary 
@michellechase that show about the earth with no peps is awesome, no?  also, rum and OJ, not so good 
My pc's cpu temp spiked to 114c for a moment and I wasn't even overclocking. I don't know why but I know its not good 
Smackdown was awesome! Now back to the real world tomorrow 
My FIANCE is super sick.  But my twin is planning my bridal shower. So excited!
@lilmike11790 @doublea17 @Kayla912 damn I feel left out  this convo is too funny for that http://myloc.me/1MNo
@wakizaki was just wishing  and i thought that it would help address the polls-related corruption given the presence of the UN.
Love Wednesday nights at Midway bitter sweet 2 nite is the 8th graders last night 
At least those who got married last summer while it was legal are still valid, but still, it's not completely fair and equal.  
@AnotherJulia getting all my tweets mixed up today?!  sorry, I hope u r well Julia and smiling the lovely smile as usual
a day of reading what joy 
@MsMhandi bummer about your camera  Bend was amazing! We laid in the sun, floated the river, ate a lot and drank! Perfect weekend!
i mean.... i'm excited about the nascar party! but i'll miss trev's show   ~Megan Moreaux~
Celebrating 8th wedding anniversary Alone, Working 
@alisonhickerson: Jon and Kate have 10 beautiful/awesome kids, that have exploited on tv for years. The fam is too cute to be split up! 
@awesomekong now ur just teasing me 
@DarnellWright lol omg you are too funny! I wouldn't follow diddy.... Wait I follow diddy let's play another game.  lol
slept through the awesome rain today 
i will not eat anymore...baked ruffle chips--i don't even like ruffles 
Why is it that even a friendship with someone of the opposite sex gets...complicated?   No more drama.
yea..just got a huge urge to start bawling. I dont even know why 
damn i even tried to put my pic as a background and it still didnt work uggh well yall i guess im faceless  i think that a goood thing 
@COPYWRITE sendin some love your way!! missin fam is never fun 
waiting for OPT card is not fun 
Really looking forward to the start of the WSOP tomorrow and the barrage of tweets every day even though I wont be there 
I need to scream..Or cry.. I am sick of smiling!!! Yes.. Things are NOT okay.. Ugh.. I had no clue it would be this hard..  xx
Yeah. Shit's going to hit the fan when you tell your dad. I'm jealous of your missouri friends. 
@relly1 Dads coming ova 2nite  Look there is a place we REALLY wana go but we cant get a booking till Sept!! Its awesome x
@karla_martin76 ha ha! That was funny! We get on, he get's off. 
@FannishInc Yay for the smiling,  for the bank account.
What a day/night. I couldn't even look at him w/o crying  I love you baby, stay strong!
thinks being a editor was quite fun but i am now fucked  night peeps well for atleast a hour
Everything is broken - and people are annoyed that I broke it. Gah! 
playing with the ps3 b/c i can't sleep BUT at least i know how to copy movies and DL stuff. this thing is awesome but insomnia stinks 
Mike Tyson's 4-year old daughter did end up eventually dying.  Please keep the Tyson family in prayer. 
@oliviamunn    -hug- your so special ... we're glad your here!!! YOU ROCK MY D**K IN A BOX
@jenleighbarry You're not feeling well?  Get better soon!  It's not fun being sick.  
why is everybody so sad,lonely,depressed tonight? im fucking hyper..you guys are bringin me down....seriously *stops the underwear dance* 
green screen idea failed  o well. maybe ill just make a supah awesome video in its place
This isn't fair. I shouldn't have to pick between friends. 
@wentworthmiller oh ps: super sad bout pb  tear. but glad we still get to see more of you. yay!
phoenix tomorrow... no all day manny fun 
@irrationallogic ohh ok hehe, yikes andito na sya? waaah  me cure ba yun?
yesterday fun at koolina, today laundry up to my ears 
@adamwohl Sadly no. I am 80% sure this is not work related, but... it may be part of some influencer marketing campaign or something. 
@sashagrey awww.  i just found out it's on tv. i thought it was an event somewhere.
@aka55 unfortunately I haven't perfected my teleportation yet 
@Dre_bay Idk barly anyone went and it just Wasnt fun. 
@amoonfairy oh how i miss my wii. sold out and a game worth getting came out  fail. where is home?
Headed to bed.. Having 2 sick girls with 102 fevers isn't very fun 
@uniquefrequency I feel for them. Even our servers crashed when we launched the swine flu hitting sg news release! 
@MarishHargitay AMAZING! its been a while since i've seen that 1. but its sad too knowing Benson and Stabler might not be back next seaon 
@huggerfood i feel the same way, really glad that i can't have most available junk foods. angel food cake was my cake of choice though 
@mileycyrus omg love that movie is soo funny!! aww wanna see it now! 
@kyhartje i know! Ick and its not even buttery. 
fun night with kaya... sad the cavs lost 
Had a car accident today - not very happy at all 
@gregor_rohrig No - I was so damn excited, I forgot to take pics of the snake 
@Groonk Yeah, I know &quot;Crystal Skull&quot; has it's flaws - but I really enjoy it. Area 51, flying saucers and little green men are my weakness 
@suenguyenn pfft, you are funny  ! but oh dang, we're so screwed tomorrow 
@madeofhoney1 i didnt hear wut u said at the end but i dont even wanna ask cuz im just annoying you 
my sleep schedule is sooo off!  ... i*m so unsettled this evening - boo! &amp; it*s raining ...
@Auntywainright 14! yay!  yes you're right Appleby horse fair causes us problems both to and from it's route 
Misses the philippines...brother randle and miss joyce 
My back already did hurt and I sort of fell of the stairs and now it's even worse 
@nicksantino even though you won't read this... i'm majorly bummed you won't be at school of rock, in jersey, with the cab. 
Past Mood: Good. Current Mood: Irritated  Future Mood: Chill
My tummy hurts....  i really did enjoy my two days off..
@LindzeyNichole haha okay now i know what u mean. AH i love him and it is!!!!!! okay awesome. im sorry i haven't been much help out all 
@MissPhotogenic omgosh BAR CODE!! u took it BACK! lol and now we don't even have virgin megastore anymore 
@DavidArchie That's awesome David! My Grandmother passed away from MS a couple years ago. It is a horrible disease... 
I know I should be happy for you, but my heart is Breaking cuz you've found love. I told you i was good luck 
@Rashadmccants7 haters!!  Just ignore them!
@Elenasaidwhat let's switch places even just for a minute! no, make it an hour. pleeeeeeeease 
@bad_decisions Mine too!  I like Baltimore. I even offered to buy my friend a drink and he still said no. 
Just finished cleaning the leo cages. Unfortunately the lygos eggs in the ioncubator got moldy  But two more in the viv! Woohoo!
he makes me so happy, i'm gonna miss him when hes gone for a few days 
Dammit, Evil Korea - be cool, just be cool. Us and Good Korea are over here trying to enjoy some bulgogi, no need to break that armistice 
@mandyrose4u aww  it was awesome! Kels kept giving everyone unpure thoughts with Jonas pics!! lmao one was just...WOW
Today is one of those days where I'm totally frustrated with everything  School is very high up on that list.
@jeffarchuleta  sorry to hear that!  I'm glad you got control back...some people need to stop getting in other's business.... &gt;&lt;
Does not feel good at all. Ow ow ow ow my head hurts so bad right now its not funny man. I really hope i feel better in the morning! &gt;&lt; 
@ecalderon19 LOL I was kidding gosh. I can't even joke with you anymore mala 
after falling asleep in my bubbly bath, my fingers are all wrinkly. 
Keep thinking of Carlsbad. Why can't you just drop it dumbass! Ugh, no one upsets me more than I do myself. :\ 
Uncle Ron been to Jpn several times &amp; he liked it, but it was so expensive. Glad that you enjoyed yourself :} Back home and stressed 
Just finished cleaning the leo cages. Unfortunately the lygo eggs in the incubator got moldy  But two more in the viv! Woohoo!
@Negomi1 And I am extremely jealous/hungry 
Had a great night with the girlies! Have fun Leah and Shannon! Now...time to study 
what do you do when you hate who you have become  blah, i think i need to refresh and restart myself. i dont like being unhappy , night &lt;3
Glad to have the day off tomorrow but I have a lot to do 
@okinawamiko ah, it doesn't matter. d-backs took 'em. I think I jinxed the padres this evening w/ my shit-talking 
UGH!!! wht the EFF is wrong w Twitter...im tired of my default pic bein a red 'X' ...  who KNOWS wht random pic will eventually show up...
Hahahaha. A Facebook quiz said that I would grow to be 6' 11&quot;. I'm not even 5' 3&quot;. 
@iceisawesome Awwww but this made me miss Breezy preRih. Aw. Poor kid, he looks a little pitiful though. 
need to stop not smiling with my teeth for pictures... i make a weird face. Don't know why I started that, my teeth are nice enough 
Back from an afternoon/evening of shopping - and I got nothing. 
@ktzekat we don't even use the home phone in our house and random sales people keep CALLING. AND CALLING. and i wanted to nap 
@queenpooh21 we hittN sumbody klub as soon as u get dat head done even if it gotta b yo spot  lol i needZ dat n ma life rite now
getting sooo jealous of all these summer staff tweets 
Morning all. Looks like a band of miserable weather passing over the uk  
@malloryleigh Yes it does, unfortunately. I've been trying to change the background on a couple of my work-related accounts for weeks. 
#unfollowdiddy because he says bk is open late, and there isn't even one nearby. 
@ladyw87 unfollow diddy because even as a preacher,Mase still didn't have fans 
@missthikness318  awwww but it'll neva b tha same...we all grown up now... bck then we had no responsibilities n life was so fun n easy!!
@jordanknight well, i'm not very good with numbers, but I'd say more that 50% but what do i know i can't even find you in MY city... 
Hardee har har... Have to wear a costume for the dance recital I can't even join 
my walmart doesn't even have a space for #starwars galactic heroes 
@CaseyPCarlson I loved you... got mad you were voted off. I'll have to say it was a bad song choice, unfortunately! 
ughh its hot the cricket is at it again and theres a dog barking amazing!!!! 
even if i wanted to eat out.. i can't. i'm sooo broke!  oh well. maybe i can lose weight this way.
Heart very glad for @davidberkeley/@trumpetjory shows less than a month away! Heart breaks @adambusch and ericnotweets not coming with 
@CaseyPCarlson I loved you... got mad when you were voted off. I'll have to say it was a bad song choice, unfortunately! 
very upset with myself, when will i learn to quit while im ahead  oh well didnt really lose much but i couldve won alot! 
Today is my 34th birthday  at least I'm in sunny cali for the week!
it's already darkish outside &amp; I feel like doing something fun, not work 
@tromboneforhire lol i think its a fantastic idea! i have too much energy right now and have nothing to do 
two weeks. it'll be fun but im only going with my mom 
It's been over 24 hrs since I heard anything outta depressed friend. My heart is breaking and now I'm a lil worried 
@tankstudio Unfortunately we're not having a public opening  We'll be open from Jun 5 though - come visit then and say hi!
@Matty808 i know. i need to calm down. 
@KatieCeciil Awesome live chat! too bad i have school  btw im brittni aka britt81492!
@WGyenny happy birthday!!  am i late? 
Hrm. A bit annoyed at my E71 - menu stopped appearing when I pressed the button so rebooted the phone.  Menu structure reset - mods lost 
@awesomenessjen LOL! I have tutoring soon. 
angry to have been given the run around today 
Aah, yadee yaah... made it home now and it feels good to lay down for a minute. Unfortunately, not sleepy  so what's twitterworld up to?
It's over after today... Mid-East grad tomorrow-MHS Sunday  (excited but sad)
@rainbowglow unfortunately no, they haven't   guess i'll have to wait and see if they come tomorrow.
United fan stabbed in Rome. The game hasnt even kicked off yet  that's Italian fans for ya though http://tinyurl.com/o6xahb
@Jah423 happy go lucky ass lol that's great I wish I could go to MIA and L.A.  you should come get me lol
@igortizz argh, sims 3 is still yet to come out here  jealoussss
@MyHomepage I look a right mess, not very happy  the stylist forgot to bring shoes so I have to wear my own and urgh whatever.
am still stiff from my marathon workout in the garden on Monday...but got my pilates ball and sadly cannot even give it a go! 
another gloomy day  boo
credit card problems + internet outages = miserable day 
I wanted to do a trial run of my An Event Apart presentation at BarCamp NYC this weekend but there's absolutely no way I'm gonna be ready 
Just got Blink-182 tickets. It's bittersweet. I wanted to be so much closer.  Might buy tickets for another show next week too.
@chaz81 oh did u do the comp ....i have had zilch time to even look ...i dunno if i could make up the time and do it now ???? 
@andilley not even your sister will see you walk 
i'd enjoy the rain if i didn't have to go out in it 
Smashing Pumpkins used to play an awesome cover of this when Melissa and James were still around that is  ? http://blip.fm/~74l1f
back in the office after a fantastic long weekend... and it's raining in ny 
Chemistry in biology is not fun. Not looking forward to next year 
BAAAHAHAAHAAAAWWW  Just had to pass on an amazing opportunity. *sulk*
Adams/Stern isn't listed on the Pulsewave event listing on Micromusic.net. 
excited for peavy @ the white sox...but richards is good 
Happy Hump Day!  Too bad it isn't Friday!    So ready for the weekend with my LOVEEEE!
@acraig426 awesome. are you going to buy yours soon, then? also, $229 only gets you the 8gig ipod! i have more music than that 
uhhh, my stomach hurts  I miss so many people it's not even funny. I need to see them again, I didn't really talk to them last time
my twitter pals, not even 1 reply....    
@WerewolfSeth I'm just sad it's not me. And I even wore my jhorts for you 
@OfficialSTaylo yea sorry..need some sleep or I can't function! 
@mistermeester I have issues bringing up shit to my dad  even though it shouldn't be a big deal.  Wish I had one now!
@mrzhollywood: Tuty, that is very inconsiderate for you to poke fun at my agrivation and I don't appreciate it. SCREW YOU! lmfao 
Think either to get the clk or the charger  Car shopping is not fun
So angry! Just wrote an extra credit paper for history. My computer froze before I could save it 
@geekbeer RR is not on Twitter as far as I know.  Met Natalie of RR a few weeks ago, she was a fun gal to hang with!
i don't feel well  with kyle and our dog enjoying another night home alone with him. yay.
@DamiOrjo Mia..they are testing for whooping cough even tho immunized. Her asthma playing up a bit and she's dehydrated  XOXO
and i'm having this insane craving for chocolate chip cookies..but i know it's not going to be satisfied. 
@lmfao215 oh its funny to you 
@radianceleong OMG! I'm soo old!  Thanks for making me more depressed la ... hahahaha ... Okay. I'd definitely not remember la. Sorry
So Im a loser and I REALLY want to get a the coat that Vash wears. It would look so awesome with my skinny jeans... Sadly I cant afford 1 
allconsofffun do you ever get the feeling that nobody really gives a shit?  I mean I've posted tons of posts and not one person cares. 
Caffeine is my bff right now! haha I NEED to finish this project :S aaand im depressed bcuz Manchester didnt win! 
miserable as shit that I have a sinus infection 
Ya know the more I think about it, I am not happy at all about going to the big house. 
first time today in two weeks i didn't even pick up my mandolin. I'll have to give it some extra attention tomorrow 
@JumpNegative seriously. i want to cry. 
im upset about the loss so im going to bed 
@nicolerichie Thanks for sharing the pic of Fleetwood Mac with us, the unfortunate ones who wish they could be there but can't 
@Keeda dude. I never get irritated. :| I take part in it, don't I? 
@trixietraci Unfortunately, that duet song was a false rumor that does not appear on this new album.   I wonder if it will ever surface?
@Stompalina We've been like that for a week already.  We didn't even have the numbers for a 10 man this week. 
@Danaenaay i'm excited 4 the new drewtube too! how have things been goin' girl? been thinkin' about ya i know things have been   lately..
@bitteroptimist protected? uh oh 
@QueenRania Rania, the poor Gazans  What right to exist was claimed for them in the fairy tales the masses choose to blindly follow?
@cameronreilly I have one in the cupboard but I dont know how to use it  I know without a doubt that they are awesome tho!
@ddlovato THAT NOT FAIR! i was already exited buuuh 
@SweetOne76 That's not fair.  
@ddlovatoo you are awesomee!!!! i want to go to one of oyur concertt!!!but can find a wayy 
@oh_deanna SOOO jealous! I couldn't get anyone to cover me at work and couldn't go 
@bpaiz@MrYancey have fun guys and drink for me! I was not invited! 
@mcphizzle I'm totally depressed.  
@Netra Saturday morning? Aw crap I am working. Oh well. You guys enjoy the movie 
@nicolerichie An even BETTER pic - Stevie's one in a million!  Just wish Christine McVie was still with the band though... 
@ddlovato DEMIIII YOUR BEST FRIEND SPENT LIKE 3 MONTHS HERE AND YOU DONT EVEN COME?  THIS SUCKS! COME TO VANCOUVER!!!
@JaiAsh that would fucking suck for me yo! I only drink water and HATE carbonated drinks PLEASE do not even joke in this manner 
@jnoe Noe Thursday was amazing!! Im sry that I had to go early 
sounds like everyone is having fun! phoebs is going for her surgery in the am 
@micheleeeex Yes he should. You NEED that picture. Seems that even when he comes out now, pics are a rarity. 
@justads Not happy Ads pic  Don't you hate over paid assholes who get off yelling at the 'working' staff! C word comes to mind!!!
@joshua_goodman me too... well, a combination of FF and chrome. Unfortunately my job (and soon yours) means I have to use IE as well 
@alexandramusic papers in the UK saying you're ernjoying the US food.... 
@jphiii unfortunately, not right now   we'll see what happens, though.
@JonAsher I'm sooo jealous! All I want in life is one more pair of frogskinns 
Sum was stuck in such a funny situation in the shower, he called on me to fix it- n i told him I shud take a picture. I regret not taking 
shizz! looks like I'm too late...missed all the fun. 
@mcradacsi hey baby I found a great app for twitter but u need to have internet  but its sick lol ok have fun
migraine starting to let up at last, I can't even tell you how horrible this one was -.- wasted my day too didn't get much done at all 
Awww ...dude wtf alex hasnt posted his blog! How am i suppose to go on w.my life w.out his inspirational blogs!  goodnite?
@SuburbanTurmoil I'm really jealous. Look at all the comments she's got! She must be better than me 
@smeffbavie1480 no, I can't even open wow  on the super fail computer...there's 3 comps in my house: supahfail, fail, and awsum
Bored bed rest and no work sucks bad !!!!  I want to go back to life as normal btw my bros wedding rocked got so wasted bad move but fun!
Does anyone really use DIGG anymore?  I just can't seem to get into it again, not fun  
@jenncutter eeep! sewer backup?? Glad to hear everything was saved! Basement cleanup is never fun 
@smiling_maya i want it 
@samanthakellar no they SUCK, and i dont understand y ppl like em. and sorry, im just jealous  u should be famous b4 he is tbh
Sleep now. Maybe I'll cough less tonight, but I don't think so. Used up cough drops this evening. 
@ClaudeKelly and what a great day!!!! im sad cause u couldnt see u guys  but im glad u had a wonderful time
Had a great time at my very first Cubs game.  Even won a free pizza delivered directly to my seat!  Too bad we lost though.  
@Shapeshiftjacob jake rose is really offended...people call her dumb blone...i feel sorry for her 
My tummy is attacking me and its not fun! 
OMG i was at tiffanys and tripped over an uneven brick and cut open my knee and the back of my toe!!  I'm in so much pain!
@GGSerena I'm jealous no one writes my name on there bewbs 
Reading about Dumbledore's death and funeral is making me feel very sad about my cat.  Is that just ridiculous, or what?
@Katsweat OOH HAVE FUN ... i wish i could have made it to that show  but i like ATL less than i do MEM haha
@AmazingCircus your site looks gorgeous!  but the resources link doesn't work. 
@malthegal i want to!! But unfortunately im workin all day 
moving sucks. so does all this rain  can't even enjoy the rooftop pool
@JrMozart The last 5 seconds of the season finale were AMAZING. Sad that we don't get to see how it continues  
@youngshay cause i don't like how it looks like but i heard it got everything on it even flash cause the O8 don't have flash. that sucks 
the area on my upper lip is really irritated... 
@justex07 excited to see the end.... i wish the new movie would have brought renewed interest! wishful thinking!!! 
http://twitpic.com/65wps - @gheelovesyou, you can't even see them  but my fingers have dents! lol.
@R1Aquarius im missing all the fun 
Oh no, all the OTT happy,positive,world changers,spiritual enlighteners,expert,guru,mentor bullshitters are in. . . Great 
@anjesus hahaha wow. You mean you've never been proud of me before? 
Bridges Pets is moving it's Lake Stevens store  it is only going to be in Snohomish now. It is the best pet store ever!!!
Ever go to an event at school and see so many moms who have lost like 25 lbs? Ugh. It was that kind of night for me.  Happy 4 them I guess
Days 81&amp;82!My little buddy keeps screamimg.I hope and pray we have not had a setback.Still no outward seizures.He seems so frustrated. 
@NatashaAnnmarie dang u be havin so much fun i dont even hear from your BAd@$$ 
@Kcastillo72 same K.. i am having a headache too  night fun chatting about food
I'm happy I got my late evening java jolt so I can stay focused on getting some things done tonight! Last day at Agito tomorrow too 
Looking through NYC's #River2River book for this summer. So many interesting events, appeals to more others than me.  There's gotta be 1!
I can't sleep. Even Red Rocks isn't helping.  *le sigh*
I hate not having anymore text messages. I feel so disconnected. And I'm not even home yet. 
ugh I hate it when one friend gets really jealous when you start hanging out with other people...  why can't we all just be friends?!
@omgitsc00kies dude what the heck?? it's my bday too!! T-T pamela didn't even know until i told her 
@allaboutpizazz I agree. Although I feel that saying something negative about the trending topics will only make me lose followers.. 
@bitteroptimist Sorry you're having to lock down. 
@TerrenceJ106 Goodnight!!! Sorry ur tonight's funniest loser 
@ObviouslyNinja Awesome! Awesome! It's so hard having Asperger's! 
@ncorsen seriously that's not fair!! mi falta henter un siman ahinda di tentamen 
@yikes77 girl i hear you! my friends just met them today. one for the second day in a row. me? nada.. he didn' even see my sign @ a show! 
@JazzBuddafly not funny!  i think its the curls....
I wanna do events 
@acalley I'm jealous  Sophie is no cuddle bug.
@mosapp @chocolate_dip I been jealous  I'm over yall *tear*
Going to work my butt off this summer and school year. I hope I have time for fun and friends 
@maggievoss  but you gave it an awesome name right? Mr. VonCatlingsworth? Prof. Catterson? Steve?
@AntionetteG BOO! sorry it wasn't great  In all fairness, he never was a great vocalist.....
had fun at dinner with @keva_miller and @inblutime but that hurricane drink gave me a headache 
@lilyginny27 OH MY FREAKIN GOD that was the funniest thing i have ever read and im very jealous i want a rose from tom 
Aw! I forget that @dvalbao gets some of my replies to other ppl. Now everyone thought I was making fun 
is sad that one of my promoter friends thru a bad party! i HATE when that happens  lost about $3,000. Happens to the best of us, even me!
happy the cavs won..but sad my girl got a headache tho 
Wow...nice suit Dwight...all white and lookin spotless. Usher was at Tuesday Magic Game..OMG and D didnt even hook me up w/ tickets 
@smiling_maya do they show? my abs dont show 
So they where in the FC Chat?? We always miss all the fun  Now I have to go to work and going Footloose tonight...
@TylerBrown7 is not excited about getting surgery tomorrow    jacked up mouth 
@mrskutcher Its true in Aus - they hv security guards guard the bins so ppl can't get at the perfectly gd food. A lot isn't even expired. 
@missdorothy you guys don't even talk to me anymore! 
oh my what a wonderfuly rainy morning 
http://www.consumeraffairs.com/education/phoenix.html  Why...didn't I research this before...?  I was just so excited about school 
@P_Stevens spoiled brat haha! thats awesome.  come visit 
Not even close to being finished editing  blahhhhh. Goodnight &lt;3
Soooooooo tired!!!! Oy! Too many events and not enough time for sleep anymore 
@ohhmelodies they're amazing acoustic  iz haz hurdz itz. Iz beenz thurz.
@Joelsk_ i wish! but unfortunately no 
Kinda misses being friends with @joysizzle 
Just had my tarot read with the question &quot;how will I be financially stable&quot; the answer- I'm screwed 
Just watched 'Doubt.' I swear my Catholic school principal Sister John Catherine was even meaner than Meryl Streep's character. 
@jinxington y u depressed love bug  ??hoboken.soon..shot on me to cheer u up..chin up! :p
so bee did awesome in her talent show. gave me nightmarish flashbacks to elementary school tho. 
i don't know where my lotion is and it's upsetting me 
For such a happy title happy feet is really sad so far.  &lt;3 erika k.
lost followers. im so jealous of those people with like so many followers for not being famous.  tell ppl to follow me (:
@wickedmickey nice. glad you're following! wish i could follow back but i've been limited. will do so when i'm allowed 
@mickeyness texas wouldn't be as fun! yeah, I figured you would have your job and stuffff 
sorry no funnies today tweeps..   still loves me??
so my sister is livid that we got in to rehearsal today  it was sheer luck! the day i rush out the door &amp; don't put much effort into
@claytonbell they are an awesome couple and dang homie...wow. 
Im sooo tired today!! Gym killed me, but I loved every minute of it lol He's been on my mind all day and I miss my Mr. Amazing 
$1300 gorgeous Jimmy Choo silver snake skin gladiator heels are on sale for $770. ahhh only if i could afford $800 shoes.  night
@SirCass monkey majesty i will not be present in the mansion tonight. unfortunately the queen has the worst headache 
@taylorswift13 HI Taylor om Brielle from NY but i cant see u tomorrow cause i have school  ... Just wanted to let u know u are Awesome!&lt;3
@Miameow09 yes  you are back!!! get to bed LOL!! JK happy you are here!
Laying in bed crying is not a fun way to spend your time... I'm never wearing mascara ever again. Everytime i do i cry non-stop. 
itss soooo cramped in the den. my dad put this treadmill thaaang and i cant even move my chair  . i do not have freedom of mobility  LOL
Signed up for a @webfaction acct to be @TCWC's new host. Super excited but delay of welcome email is frustrating. Need to go to bed soon 
Caught a J shaped Unown. Joy. 
is unhappy with his picture.....cant find one 
Need to go home!  I've been playing with photoshop at work all evening - NEVER ATE LUNCH! whooooops!!!    
Tomorrow is going to be a miserable day at work... 
@jephjacques I completely agree. I was so sad Wesley wasn't even born yet. 
@kaysmalls im gonna finish it tomorow  goodnight! HAHA im watching the spelling bee right now &amp;its SO FUNNY! Its interesting too! haha
my car broke down!  i just got home--glad that d two truck driver gave me a ride home--jesus christ i dont wanna buy a new car
Hum my hopes were up so high for saturday now its not a for sure thing  but i know my baby will make me happy.
@taylorswift13 Hi Taylor! Im Brielle and i wish i could see u perform 2moro but i have school   Just wanted to let u know your awesome!&lt;3
@LegalCookie fabulous. nothing like a little drama in the evening, huh?  that sucks.
@caitliness unfortunately, no 
@Denali_Kate Awesome, sorry to leave you hanging!  ))
Even the cat knows He's gone  wow.
@AaL17 Aw, bummer! But at least you can re-watch it  My net disconnected 4 times  I got angry and swore 
practicing my senior project speech gives me even more butterflies   i wanna go and watch up tonight!
I'm so upset I feel sick  Life really needs to get better.
@JennycLiu yes I am! Unfortunately, I forgot to bring a jacket and it's rather cold 
Just found I could visit my blog with a proxy sever, but couldn't publish anything still, even a notice. 
@awesomet0m no it's not 
Almost died imagine a world w/o  bre... That make alot of fgs happy...&amp; fg that are inlove with joel would be happy too but @tehkatie 
@mrskutcher Some children donot even touch their tray and it all goes in the garbage....soooo much waste 
so much loving @taylorswift13, been wearing her shirt constantly!  just wish my seats were closer for her show   it'll still be amazing
I'm really upset that @colinmaggs and @raymondalex will not be at crawfish this year. seriously, what the fuck? 
I need to enjoy my life as a senior at high school! Cause it's almost over 
@christophermoy it makes me so upset that i couldn't see you boys tonight because i have finals to study for 
Love the Papparazzi Vid. But kinda upset that gaga isnt releasing love games over here 
Is glad it's summer... But I miss nick. 
I wish we could go back in time.. To even -last week- things are going by too fast. 
Finally starting to get word of mouth enquiries and even one booking !. Unfortunately had to say no to 2 couples because of date clashes 
Is home from kingsville for the weekend...glad to be home but misses kingsville. 
We just got back from Holiday Plaza where they had a hands-on Lego exhibition which the kids enjoyed. Oh to have a life! 
the dryer shrunk my TDWP shirt  it barely fits...not happy...
@felixalim  no lunch at all, even carol had yum cha today!
i should have gotten an ultrasound of my heart while i had the chance. it keeps doing funny things. 
It's been another really crazy week...heading to TN in a few hours...be back Saturday evening...not a fun trip all the way around 
@TheEllenShow ...too bad I'm allergic! Its been so long I dont even know what they taste like! I suck 
back on muscle relaxers... oh the joys of playing hockey with a bum shoulder. My wing may have been clipped now...oh oh 
Ariella arguing with Mum again.  She's being so unfair, it's hard to listen to.
I am really glad that yesterday is over. 2weeks till vacation @jahmash how was the trip back? Already miss you!  @Swetok get better soon!
@Hybrid911 i hope you have lots of fun in york! sorry that your arm feels like a stabbed piece of steak though 
@MaryGwendolyn i dunno what to tell you.  happy news. i emailed reslife about our screwed up situation
@vibrant2001 No! I'm even more frustrated 
@mrskutcher Even can goods with an expired date is still good.  Use ur brain.  Feed people, don't feed the dumps 
I have a funny feeling airport security is gonna f*ck with me! 
@Larissa_SG yes yes i have a few but they are blury  ahh he was soo cute! he said LECHUGA=lettuce he said fiesta too &lt;3 it was amazing! &gt;3
So i totally went to watch the new kyte vids by @30SECONDSTOMARS but jesus those fans are crazy. There's no point in even trying to chat. 
@Nayvan maaaan this isnt fair  why cant they come here 
I am so glad that is done...now, I have to do the same in the rest of the house...and I almost forgot..finish what I left undone today. 
is still trying to navigate NVivo! What fun on a Friday night 
@echopunya it's no nice. i'd go for the orange one too. so funky. but i wouldnt mind the black one either. so classic.  i wantttt
@shahpriya : That's the thing, the only day of the week I cannot stir from office is Friday, when the paper is being produced  Enjoy.
@XxSceneOXx hahhahaha aww your taking the fun out of it 
@missy_gee  you lost it already?? it's only been like a week lol! i didn't even take it out of the bag yet xD sorry for spamming guys :x
@LadyRedCrest no, just seats. Unfortunately no pit.  
#3wordsaftersex &quot;you really smell.&quot;  Excited for my trip tomorrow. not excited for missing @LYDIAmusic and @brandonwronski tomorrow.  
@TroublemakerSup @SinnamonS :-| I repeat I didn't even do nuffin  sadness
So, if I take the battery out, put it back in and set the backlight to 3 minutes, then I get 3 minutes of use out of the phone. Joy. 
express editing... no fun!! 
It`s friday and i am happy... hopefully there is no traffic jam when i drive home... there are so many tourists=terrorits... 
so today was a bittersweet day, last day of high school  and got to spend it with my girls, love them so much. Dang I am graduating!
Hi all. Beware many free classifieds are starting to reject home based ads now as illegal content. Seems they don't like them any more 
@cassieventura Love the &quot;Must Be Love&quot; song and hope your headache goes away. i know how that feels 
@xXmIxEdMoDeLXx haha dang. @wendi916 know she cool even tho she called us boring 
Sadly, I must say that if I am to continue or surpass blogging at this rate, I will need to turn this joy into a modest source of income. 
having fun watching so you think you can dance....the seattle audtions are intersting...wat up with my home town? 
I'm in limbo and I'm beginning to wonder if I should even care or waste my time 
@kaitlinsharpe Please excuse the faux tweet. It was decided thereafter that we would stay home. Looks like neither of us will enjoy 
wish i knew who iheart3boyz wish i wsnt single wish i had 100 followers wish all these wishes wer true  i need a fairy god mother   lolz
Loved the @Jonasbrothers new songs i thought poison ivy was sssoooo funny! I'm gonna miss Andrea  i'm gonna cry i love you big sister 
@lorendarling remember maine &lt;33 I miss full band too. I was looking at pix from bogus journey in nc. I want that again  amazing show omg
@Dev_Patel Hey! Hey ZUKO PATEL, are you even going to use twitter at ALL? how depressing. 
Aww, you guys are gone...     Relly? What the hell am I goin to do? Sittin here drunk by myself... thats not fun. I cud masterbate, JK!!!
So much fun playing beach volleyball, but I got a piece of glass stuck in the bottom of my foot. 
Nobody has been in a rush to see if Im ok, not even my own family. 
condemns bodily functions, i can't believe taking a tinkle kept me from you...now to lay down and sulk. 
@Joyeuseone Damn. We're crossing paths, but missing each other. 
the spelling bee is on and these kids r AMAZING..i lost early in the 5th grade on the word &quot;their&quot;  how was i suppose 2 kno it was &quot;there&quot;
@kristenstewart9 Enjoy the MTV music awards! We can't see it live here in South Africa tho. 
@YouTubeAmelia Oh Amelia!!! I'm not even done watching, but I'm so sorry you are feeling this way.  Wish I could hug you!
@XMPieman xmpie is hard to work - it impos funny 
@Ediesedgwick83 but v v v excited now!!! Am so bored of being ill, but things are not going to get any better for the near future  &amp;
browbeaten Irish people waking up to their wonderful clergy, finally. http://bit.ly/YrtZo  My Nan would be rolling over in her grave 
oh no Jamie is leaving Wompro!! who will be my amazing promo magician now? 
I suffered the most enormous migraine today... They are not fun 
cant believe its the end of 11th grade, technically i am a senior already  wow. Getting some homework done so I can enjoy Friday.
@doomdodadidadi ohh  well, that's awesome!! I hope you have a good time  I wish I could go, I'm only 4hours away ahh..
@ffidler bummed you didn't make it. I think @awapy had fun but I didn't get to meet @vboykis &amp; mr.b  Someday soon hopefully.
awww mann r.I.p kitty  &amp;&amp;&amp; unborn kittens..  man it's not fair, I'm actually bummed...
Im sitting on stevens backyard swing.. By myself 
@selenagomez aww selena. that makes me want to cry too. i hate seeing others sad or upset. 
Myspace. Texting. Music. Looking through pictures on my computer. ASDFGHJKL late start. Tmrw is impact day  Should be boring. But fun. LOL
@amandapalmer Not enjoying Beowulf? Now @neilhimself will be  &quot;teh sad&quot;.   Nah, I'm sure he appreciates and respects your honesty.
man these TED Talks are awesome. but take a lot of time to download in my 256kbps connection 
@raisamazing we need to hangout soon&lt;3 I really miss chu 
Holy crap! Too much awesome &amp; interesting people, but it's 2am and I gotta sleep..  I swear, I gotta either move closer to you folks, or..
@ladygaga heard you gave an awesome performance in sa.. sad to have missed 
@samantharonson Fly safe and enjoy your time in europe. Wish I could see you in munich tonight, but I'm not able to. So sad 
@nathanholman u going? i'm jealous 
@WCPO Could've really done WITHOUT the dead horse story late at night..signed, depressed animal love 
I can't believe how busy I've been... Didn't even have time to goof off and read Twitter... 
@ddlovatofans101 ok fair enough 
homework is like dirty laundry. itll pile up. and then you eventually have to do it all at once. 
well...I can't go to sleep now.  Flu is no fun. 
I'm really missing my real friends back home  BUT happy I will soon make new ones!
Working an 11 hour day. Not off till 3. Salary is awesome 
Feeling sad and depressed  What a crappy feeling! Its going to be a long night!
@JonAsher jonnn! i cant believe you're not following me! lol after all our stickam nights &amp; even topher grace! how sad  lol
going to push trough staying up for 9hours and looking happy about it on 5:1/2 hours of sleep help stay awake @early after noon 
@catieviox I went to funeral today too 
The sound of birds singing in the morning makes me feel happy, not today tho 
getting up early to go to the funeral tomorrow  nighttttt.
@jenfulloffun sorry about your cat 
isn't happy about working tomorrow. 
I saw hella amazing stuff at the mall. It sucks I couldn't shop.  I wish malls closed later. 
@skibumbrian777 so sorry...my 3 year old woke up with a nightmare   your trip sounds like so much fun!!!
@selenagomez awww. You prolly just released everything that bothers you.  Oh well, have fun! ;)
Kinda feeling alone and a little depressed, all will be good though.  Separation anxiety from a loved one. 
@chrisguitarguy and unfortunately none of them work outside the US 
@DirtyDiva @mechangel @pinksage not fair, I'm missing all the cuddle parties. School sucks 
@cocoabrownchic everytime I can't go home, they have an awesome line-up of artists. EVERYTIME! 
@YOURBRUTHAbrub dude I was so trying to explain the crackheads at cvs to someone but the story doesn't come out as funny as it was 
Making this father's day gift is making me get kind of upset. 
@AmaniBoo it was fa ma class and dhis kid (Hater) walked by it and bumped it and it dropped  so i didn't get too take a picture !
@smashley6 @angelsfan02 I'm jealous wish I could have joined u two tonight  next time!!!
Tonight was the most hilarity and fun I've had for a long time. Also, thundering is scaring my dog, which scares me. 
@neszlifeasmcrmy  i know you wont be. I'm not going anywhere love. I'm here with you. And i want you to be happy. I love you so much.
@ryohakkai yeah my korean friend said even those romaji formatted lyrics confuse her LOL 
Going to California. L.A. and Disneyland. Sooo excited. Havn't been back home in almost 6 years  It's gonna be amazing. 
i'm so not excited to go to school  sleepless nights again! so lazy to enroll on monday also...
@hvt I've actually been experimenting with Xcode over the last couple of days. Unfortunately though, I have to write C# for school. 
No  I'm so upset lol but hey can u bring my CDs tomorow to school?
@Lenore_lolita Aww so smitten by your love story right now, so happy for you! sorry i had to rush off earlier, i had a party  talk later?
@Jason_Rembert I'm so upset  My heart has shattered into a million pieces...
Hates it when I get all excited to hang out with old friends and then it all falls through 
@Maudelynn  I'd totally initiate hanging out with you if I lived nearby. You are awesome!
@CardsChic I hope it's been wonderful!! We love you and miss you but I can't believe you left me here all alone to clean our house.  Lvoe!
@teamellyn it's never the same without my partner. But you can't even move 
Yay i guess, How is it one can be angry, sad and frustrated all at once? And how is it i cant do nothing about the situation? FML. srsly. 
@StephTweet413 ahhh jealous!! Ur on summer mode  I miss youu!! And that tea house and twilight and bad soup hahah love you
frustrated    doing InDesign homework and watching Hostel Dos
Sleeping. But unfortunately not for long  School is consuming my life.... and year around school sucks!
This has been an amazing week don't want it to end! 
I be sick. Not even a joke. Can't even properly breathe 
@jhagey I deleted my last twit because it sounded too bitter! Sad times for the trib. 
@FatLossMama I've gotten costochondritis before! No fun  mine is stress induced, I've had a 2nd episode that was physically induced.
@GreerPowers Sorry I missed you girls tonight   went WAY long @ the mortgage office, and even longer with my realtor. . . ill spill soon!
had an awesome night listening to worship practice... then fun times at sonic lol... my tummy hurts from my grilled cheese sandwich tho 
This lightning storm is so amazing right now. Only downside? If it rains, it's going to be humid as hell for a few days 
sooo stressed and kinda depressed 
Oh goodness. Ppl need 2 learn 2 just be happy and not like start rumors that r just so rude and mean. And just.. idk! PPL NEED 2 BE NICE! 
LOL @Teflonvested @Favorstwins Haters!! ... Can I live!?!? 
It not even late  i was out till two with you! Why would it change?
@MistaFuture I know  He said he'd send it before 5, then before 7, &amp; then he didn't even call me. I need to get shit for my bbq!!
frustrated bc my hair is too straight and i miss my curls 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
In even stupider queue from hell at Belfast City Airport. Worse than one at Belfast International last Monday 
@joyshow yeahhhh I'm fine.. I was like &quot;wtf is this?&quot; when I got it out 
Even though today is a holiday in China I spent the whole morning working  Managed to do a lot of work, but now I'm ready to relax a bit.
wow the live chat with the jonas brothers was awesome.. 2 bad they didn't answer any of my Q.  but any way can wait until next one June 4.
@tommcfly Yesterday I was out of the hotel and just saw you so far. But today was incredible! Hope I'll can give to you a hug tomorrow 
damn me and @samanthapadilla are early for work  haha this is awesomeeee
I never knew how painful cutting a wisdom tooth could be. My entire mouth hurts and I have a killer headache going on. Not fun! 
@buckhollywood Agreed! Everyone always makes fun of me for it 
Im getting frustrated. I need to get to sleep but i cant find my cat anywhere outside 
sleepy!! a 20 min project took us 3 hrs... tias talk like crazy!! n i missed out on a fun nite!  nite all
@cheyennecraig &quot;force?&quot;   Family is good. Older girls r excited to get out of school.The younger one wants to go BACK to see her friends.
video chatting is not always fun 
Im too upset to be on here! Im goin to bed. Maybe I'll feel better tomorrow. Naw I wont cause I still gotta look at my hurt car! 
@mr_503 Your way to happy about that 
@TheFunnyJosh valid... Ugh!!!!! 
Totally irritated with you, but you wouldn't have the slightest clue 
@trohman looks like our super awesome meeting 5000 isnt happening for awhile 
@tommcfly Because my friend knew you,and is not fair if I can't know you too  I want to give to you my Buz Lightyear yet!
@Kiteless Sounds like fun..too bad I dont draw 
getting ready for a awesome show [= i miss my camera LOMO 
@DannyTRS TY for that....That show is amazing.  It's too short though 
@ShantiSaha man i miss monday night!!! in a month we wont have a fun group like that for a yr  we gtta have one more party! lol
@jackiexlo lol yeah that wouldn't creep him out at all. xD besides we're not even sure if he still has that girlfriend or not. 
on my way to seven with everyone for phanny's going away! 
Today i must make some not very funny works  And in the afternoon i must clean my loft. Maybe i must look for a Cleaner-Service ;-)
@brianfriedman  I'm happy for you... I wish I was there......  Almost done being a slave.
Just got home from playing Bunco with 20 crazy people.  Lots of fun but didn't win.  
Had a great time at the atomic sketch event and at club foot. Time for bed. 
Enjoyed watching @artjunkie78 &amp; my nephew open their RC car gifts. Seeing my nephew that happy is great!! He broke it already though 
@alfgoetz That's a great suggestion! Unfortunately, I've found that it's a bit buggy. Pinch zooming in js repeatedly locked up my iPhone 
@pharmacyfun yeah but it's lame tunes  btw I have this yuck nose spray I have to do every morning and it goes to the back of my throat ugh
glad the seniors liked all of their goodies....damn i am going to miss them 
@Jason_Rembert I already did. Tonight before I saw that. I saw it like 2 days ago &amp;told him to look for me mid June for it. I'm upset now 
@jwilphotos Ur mean  N yes I'm bitter cuz I wanted my pic up!
getting ready for a weekend with less than 100 bucks  fun
Down about 5 grand tonight. Lost all my coinflips and even lost most of my hands where I get river by a 1 or 2 outer. 
@mandyxclear Was funny, he ODd and died years ago.    Sad shit, he was amazing.
@NotARichGirl The shampoo I used was the soothing lavender + peppermint.    I no like.
@sarahprout How are those the &quot;top 10&quot;? They're hardly above common sense. Is there anything that makes you stand out? Original content? 
is super jealous of kyle at the moment !  hahaha
elated that he is off work, but not looking forward to returning tomorrow 
@modwheelmood no fair  that sucks
Tonight was a letdown. I was all excited and then nothing. 
Although I am happy to be on vacation, my stomach is not. 
Jealous - can't talk to either Nina or Sarah  . Still, it's FRIDAYYYYY!!!
i miss my boo.. i got him sick  happy birthday sissy &lt;3 i'm going to fat e's tomorrow night because they're closing saturday :'(
so glad that shift is over. also glad tomorrow is my Friday off.  if the rumors are right those days may be numbered. 
cameron_ i am super jealousss!!!i want a slice. 
@idklexi yeah i have 2 weeks left. :\ the live chat was sooo awesome!!! like one of the best ones!!!  thats sad that you missed it. 
Sorry Twitter really busy day. Couldn't even watch the game. 
@tinyvamp anytime baby! woodrow the homeless guy is in it, this sketch is always more sad than funny to me 
is annoyed at protein folding and detergents that destroy good protein 
Landed in Riydah last night, very hot here. Loving it so far hope to recover after my amazing journey to Meccah &amp; Medina. My feet hurt 
Trampoline II ... We barely got to know each other. Too soon.   It's not fair 
@JudyDreamer I'm sorry your kitty died  I feel almost bad for being excited about your flat party :x
@fairytaleslie yeah the tix happen to say 1 salvi minimum instead of a 1 drink min, I was 1 salve to short 
@heycarsten CS4 isn't even using Cocoa yet, still on Carbon 
i just lost at ping pong with @jordanyup 20 to 21. i have never been so upset in my life 
@NefTheDamaja hahaha looks like you cant even apply buddy. 
How could I 4get shouts 2 @jeriel_armani for doing the interlude on @MTtheGreat Soundtrack to Greatness 6.2.09 (yall having fun 
Good news: The &quot;Clap&quot; method works fairly well for syncing audio. Bad news, the mic splitter I bought does not work 
Eden Nature Park's Sesame dressing is heaven. It's love. It's amazing. Haha! :p My supply is slowly diminishing. 
Had fun with Aimee. Calling it a night...Missing him 
Damn all you people twittering about drinking beers. Jealous 
life sucks... its nothing like the fairytales 
J-Bay's about to see some good stuff  I'm jealous.  He's staying in SA for at least a week.
Wow frustrated and im coming down with a cold 
@purelynarcotic Yep  First of all you only get it in a can here and not from the tap and they dont even carry that!
I put up a good front but I am an absolute wreck over things beyond my control. This is not a fun time beneath my skin. 
Hospital not fun. 
@bookieboo That's awesome!  Congratulations.  I lost 65 lbs. on WW.....I need to get back to it though.....I've gained 5 lbs.  
@jfnord the customs bureau have always been charging duties on imported books (even before 2009), law or no law..  #bookblockade
PM #14563 (Oscar Rabeiro) said: missy had my attention until she requested &quot;amazing&quot;   would you settle for close to mediocre with an ...
@cassieventura  wish I could rub ya head! FUCK pollen!
Good mornin.. Still wrecked from the party last nite that I didnt see my dad off 2 the airport-going 2 Jordan  wishin him a blessed Friday
Had to look after a bunch of year 6 kids all day, started a march through the school. Amazing shit. But I didn't get to see @Ezzawesome 
Mom said no to the doves. Coworker is going to let them loose. Aaahhh!  I want them! I even have a picture of them on my cellphone.
happy its the weekend, but sad coz its gonna be a shit one 
finallytryingto download evernote on my bberry. unfortunately needto use bberry app store which cantfind it when i search. 
Went to CISCO event Tues - v disappointed Kochie only appeard via video link! Tim Pethick great but left before photo's could be taken 
@skibumbrian777 ya, I can't wait ... doc said I'm not supposed to even kick for a couple more months  I'm a h.s. coach BTW
Spent the evening helping Michele get food ready for the funeral on Sat....her Uncle past away.  
@robertmain its been 2 weeks since i shaved.. and i don't think you could even tell... 
Good morning all.. what a fantastic morning!! cant believe I will miss the 2020 cricket at Edgbaston tonight 
@virginiatits im so sorry love! Gosh i know how that is, and its never fun.  im here for you love.
@stephsullivan68  i had sooo much fun with you today! i'll miss you when im gone  keep up the tweets!! LOVE YOU!
 am so upset but i wont tell you!
Haven't had my brunch yet, walking long road from the mosque in a this sunny day made me almost black out!! God turn on the AC please.. 
I'm annoyed. Sleepy, hungry, gassy and I need something hot to drink. My throat is burning.... And I'm in brooklyn. Far from my bed... 
@RPreston05 what am I gonna do without my Backy for 4 whole days?! My partner in crime is gone  have fun at home and relax! Love you!
@brittnyjean ps. Sole was closed when we were in the Pearl so I couldn't even get high off shoes 
@mattlmorris Hopefully it will... but even today Homosexuality has a long way 2 go - See Prop 8 in US! 
is not even winter yet and its vrek cold and raining 
@paulelgin   Making fun of me.
@_Qualia what? scones HAVE Olives.... eeeeek  why? not fair for a fata*s like me 
@andydick i like how you come to Nashville as Im getting ready to go out of town  come back soon so I can enjoy some funnies
@jenjengiles im going to the boardwalk.. : / im excited about it, but im gunna miss the game. 
@sweetlexo happy graduation, thanks for he invite 
I feel retarded because I can't whistle and even youtube can't teach me how. 
@nodira  But congrats on the other two papers! Two papers in one conference is pretty awesome.
@beyondursole LMFAO! Hahahaha man fuck this shit didn't even have me signed on 
Enjoying the smell of fresh rain, and the thunderous cracks of lightning by myself. 
So irritated.  I needed that allergy test to prove to CJ's pediatrician that there is something wrong 
Proud of all my seniors  I'm gunna miss you guys...some of you guys lol especially @paulawalla
Tempted to stay in the ortigas area to see her man, albeit briefly but I have to be in alabang for an event 
anybody have a suggestion other than medication and counting stupid sheep to help me fall asleep? Im desperate and soo tired! 
awww imiss my bestie lucky her in England i miss her so so much  i'm jealous
*sigh* my thinkpad shut itself off again, even with the cooling pad 
Twitterville!! I've missed you! In TO til sunday...Enjoyin the rain  but drinking age is 19! Had a nice little appletini today!
@princ3sskrys10 ikr.  And it makes me sad when people get all excited about the Jonas Brothers, etc.. Completely missing the good stuff.
:: The new PunchOut! is great fun, but its just missing that undescribable nostalgic something  Maybe I over hyped it.
I'm frustrated that my Guitar Hero controller appears to be broken.  It's throwing extra strums in for no good reason  #fb
@LolaAM  I'm so happy I got my hair done today well yesterday but I think the kinky twist she did are whats keeping me awake. Hopefully we
@therealTiffany I MISSSSSSS YOUUUUU   and i have a pink sign, and another super amazing surprise waiting!!!!
@AmiAhuja feeling the bitterness already.... not a defeat as such but helpless in front of the rules 
is waaay pissed at the real estate agent who didn't bother to show up at an open house 2day &amp; not even call!!! ....faaaark!! 
Sinking into the couch with Gossip Girl and chocolate. Yeah I'm THAT depressed. 
has that sick, nervous feeling in her stomach that won't go away. Like butterflies, but the bad kind. And today of all days... joy 
had an awesome night with Katie and Melaney, bed. working 8-4. missing Allen more than anything...    night.
Back to Java, the joy of having to convert an int[] to a List&lt;Integer&gt; 
Just now cooling down. Tomorrow is supposed to be even hotter. Blech 
@markhoppus screw my 50 people haiku idea that would leave 30 unhappy people  but still first 20 haiku bout an octopus!
@hagnas I don't think it's even possible to be an IE veteran. I notice new glitches each and every time 
is in the theater waiting for Up! Sooo excited, but disappointed that they didn't give away some free stuff. 
@RachelLock22 :O @jessicaveronica TWITTERED U :o jealous  haha
The telephone wires are getting overhauled. Hope this means stable broadband for me 
Trying desperately to sign in to HH  Hmmmmmm!!!
you know that time when you realize your babies aren't babies anymore? That's where I am  bittersweet . . . they grow so fast . . .
THEY ARE FINALLY HERE JOY!!! I is still bored boooo  we have 56 boxes LOL YAY
Happy to see more mass market titles available for iphone - shame can't seem to get in Australia though    http://TwitPWR.com/gaU/
@djastonish I can't make it son!!!    happy Bday!
@marklee3d Unfortunately not. Why aren't you coming to the Netherlands!? 
I just saw &quot;Bing&quot; was a trending topic and got excited 
Motherjane is playing at MySpace Secret Shows today in Mumbai. Wonder why that's not on Last.fm, under events 
@Ayna89 Yes, unfortunate its is school. Though we have nothing useful to do there...irritating. Wasting precious time on nothing 
just got home from high school music concert...it was awesome, my oldest sons last hight school performance   
@TheLostSwede the most amazing thing about the virgin flight was the complete lack of snacks. Normally they have a choice 
I always get depressed on Friday, my boys leave 
@summerchic121 that sounds fun I wish we got to hang out. 
@geneive Gen! I'm so glad we got to regroup in Ate's office. So sad its our last time  I'll visit next semester for sure!
So jealous that you have been on set. Even if they didn't tret you well  The documentary and last episode aired
@cindystarks I'm planning on being there!  I had RSVP'd for the Cisco event but had a migraine to tend to.  Hope to meet you @ d nxt event
 my great grandmother died. i couldnt even see her before she died 
It looks like it's going to be a wonderful day....pity I have to work 
@AlonaBreYan cant even get a tweet back? 
family fun night was fun..but i am so exhausted. working another carnival tomorrow. Blah 
@louiethecat Seriously. It was even worse on Monday when it was off during daytime 
@KimokoMasada I wished I could tell you to stop tweeting 'cause I'm bloody jealous already !!! 
Funeral ceremony...gloomy friday... 
So sleepy again and it's not even that late. I fail once again. 
@ether_radio yeah :S i feel all funny cause i haven't slept enough  i woke my mum up cause i was singing she's not impressed :S you?
@DavidArchie &lt;3 your gonna be the first  twitter ;) cause your amazing lol. come to canada  would do anything to see you perform
diesel yaris... 70mpg  so sad its not available in the US. That'd be awesome.
I want to buy this great album but unfortunately i dont hav enuff funds  its &quot;long time noisy&quot;
@DavidCookLove ia so much! i haven't really been happy with any of cooks choices for singles. 
So great to see Oin &amp; Cynthia.  So happy.  Dinner was great, cute little place.  Too bad Oin got sick afterwards.  
Brothers Bloom won't be opening this weekend in El Paso.  I'll just buy Brick and enjoy that until I can watch Brothers Bloom.
@gcrush @nopantsdance i was just thinking about how excited i am for you guys to move, but then i realized how sad i am to see you go. 
@emmarler i am jealous of your mom talking to @taylorswift13. i want to see you all our twittering is making me miss you 
First ever dropped call on my mobile. On a call to @Telstra no less! ( being charged for data even though I have a data pack  )
@neesabear early happy day of birth in case I don't make it! Very tired from therapy today n just taking my medicine!  misshu! Love ya!
@freepbx sounds good. Appreciate the suggestion. Been a week now and we're still offline  Time to ask for a refund...
Is miserable  i feel like im gona cry  sux!
Now I am depressed after watching so you think you can dance 
i just go up and IM SO TIRED and my airmatras is broken somewhere and now im in even more pain 
@IdleThumbs Up is out?  I didn't get the memo   It looks amazing.
fun in the sun hmmm hell no it's cold 
well fuck- this new pain med has an odd warning that actually applies to me. i can't take this. -chan is displeased. 
@rlcpbiatch happy birthdayyy! hope you have an awesome day. didn't see you at next last night! 
@juiceegapeach A hungry fool. Ill probably never see that Krispy Kreme again. Had to enjoy it. They closing down 
@fairyfroggie But yeah...I'm sad about my &quot;Ravenclaw&quot; account. I love that account to bits. 
omg, the concert was awesome, madrigals gave me chills on almost every piece...brooks also called up alumni, but i didnt get to go 
@SuperJerry No refunds but they do retrieve accounts, takes like a week. Just hoping the thief doesn't use hacks or then it's permaban 
Is going to sleep not peaceful  wanted to hear him say Good Night but that didn't happen  Good Night everyone....
@jmoriarty I don't even want to know WHY you know about VHEMT, but don't go - we'd miss you 
@OooChelcyooO That's awesome! We have that this weekend too but I can't go because I'm moving this Sat.  I should be a lot of fun though
night night twitter world. [still cant believe the thomas thing  tomorrow's gunna be FUN/SAD]
Not one sale done today at work. Explored balconies in the big theater w coworkers. A fun day, but void of chili fries and tips 
Scary lightning and thunder  I'm glad it's over now. Going to sleep, I hope I'm not late to school tomorow again. Haha
I need to be sleeping.. But i'm not even tired.. 
@dmoneymania  I'm sorry. Excited for tomorrow night? Karaoke!! Getting anything special for bday?
RATT ROCKED NASHVILLE TONITE..ONE THING SUCKED, NO ENCORE!  LIKE IN THE 80'S THEY STILL HAVE A FUN SHOW. PEARCY HAS THAT HOTT BAD BOY LOOK
Peeps still here. Fun times. Gotta sleep tho. Work in the A.M. Some cool, hot chicks here. But none as cool as ____________. Missing her 
does anyone know any good rap songs? i need to make a rap/fun cd and i have no idea  helllllpppp
I'm awake. Anybody else awake? Wish I lived in the US since all the fun happens when I'm asleep! 
@AnthonyLucas @iainfunnell Yeah, physically moving too!  Apparently we'll be reporting directly to Mr. Hayward...
@charloro jealous  it looks like schindler's list in toronto
decided 2 trans frm relaxed 2 natural hair but i wish my whole head looked like my roots.  Age of the instant gratification....
Pug just woke me from an incredible sleep! 
@ddlovato i can`t wait to hear your new album. i`m sure will be amazing.please just replay to me  i love you so much!!!!
@lilxamyx08 i know ridiculous! we never got to hang out  i love chicago and want to go shopping... so a trip sounds like fun 
Went to pole class. Feeling discouraged. I am hopeless when it cones to dancing or sexy moves or spreading my legs. 
@RoasterBoy And these poor, unfortunate souls don't appear to have any pants at all...  ? http://blip.fm/~78qvz
@NOLAevol so i feel like shit for saying HAPPY BELATED BIRFDAYY.. i'm only a month late 
I miss my little Batty, she was only 3 months old when she got sick, she was always so fun and full of life &lt;3 Even at the very end... 
My little foster kittens are getting big...chubba and Winston are going 2 b missed when they get amazing homes. 
@rachelasha I even saw the news feeds of the archie website. But can't believe he'd choose veronica. I'm disappointed 
depressed that i wasn't included in the morcom gardens quiz on facebook 
friday here at last, not much fun when your skint though 
Ok, other then my shoe, the club is cool. Its fun, and its poppin except 4 the ppl tryna dance wit me 
Wish I could attend E3 this year. But these small events like the NBA and Stanley Cup Finals keep getting in the way.   Work, work, work.
Hmmm. Using TinyTwitter on a small non-touch screen is really not much fun 
@ccburns Unfortunately not 
even though everyone wanted to do a newish song and our teacher agreed :S old grumpy doesn't like us happy  haha
@UniqueMakis Awesome! Wish I could fly out to see her 
@JetWolf I know I enjoy watching you two on twitter. About as entertaining as the comic.  That I miss 
FALL ASLEEP ON ME AGAIN  But I know how it feels now LOL. Drag Me To Hell tonight! Quite excited
god i cant even catch public transport. swine flu is shit house 
as if i finsh work at eleven.. IS THAT EVEN ALLOWD?  cauz i really dont want to.. lol
@textdrivebys i dont even have a WII! b likes xbox, so that's what we have  do you use it?
@leopardqueen @seekinspiration Have fun! I miss you guys a lot! 
its funny. i'm kinda sad on my last day 
did I mention my BF bubbled the WSOP employees event after 12 hrs with AA  Working doubles  now for the next 6 weeks
big day 2day the xt launch was amazing! so much free stuff thanx 2 the edge and telecom! found the phone i want...cnt afford it yet tho 
Downloadfestival's lineup isn't as good as i thought it was. There are some other awesome bands doing the festivals, but missing DL 
@daveockun I hate you , Fleetwood is my favorite band...I'm so jealous  ok I still love you haha
oh no my tweetdeck is malfunctioning :O il have web will its fixd 
@maliciousmandy1 Adam Samberg + new moon trailor = good evening. Too bad my cable is off as of friday 
@drewseeley hey i loved ACS but i had to see it online, is not here yet   cant wait to buy it!!! you look amazing there
@mayora not this part, unfortunately. 
mannnn..... @alllyy_ got an iphone!!! im jealous.... 
@kirstiealley funny u havent showed me any love yet at all 
mannnn..... @alllyy_ got an iphone!!! im jealous....  http://bit.ly/NgnaR
fjdskal im really frustrated. 
FUCK wasting deodorant... i aint goin no where... i aint havin company  let me funk it to ya!
@mrskutcher  Where I live, all the small markets deliver their day-old bread to the food bank, but times are really tough, even for me 
Are u missing ur frnds ? Hear to &quot;Manasellaam &quot; From Kulir100 Degree movie. Its amazing !!!  Nanbargale - Miss u guys !!! 
@ingridkerr No, but it does amazing things with keeping all your online conversations in one place... unfortunately that place is Google 
@cha_rade oh no the economy gotcha?  sorry but so happy that you got another one in LA!  Enjoy SoCal! Ahahaay! LOL
I'm so unhappy being here. I hate it. It's affecting everything. My relationships with people, my personality, my attitude... 
There's Nothing To Do Right Now And I'm Tired But I Don't Want To Sleep. Cleaned Up Pretty Good, So Proud. At Least I'd Be A Good Janitor 
@Madush oh my... now im offended.  ha
Rawr and whatnot. I am having a godawful drawing night tonight... even less progress has been made than I expected. 
@HazelAngeli @V0TR0N  too bad Vo got me sick I think  &amp; I don't even have meds to feel like you.
@HoptonHouseBnB now theres a thought .... do you still get goldfish at the fair ?? not seen them for years 
ah thats better snow patrol! now to be stuck indoors  still weekend coming up and fresh air excellent hope its sunny!
@BevJack Babes it was sooo much fun!!  Thank you so much for making that happen!  Had fun with the ladies too!  Time went to fast. 
watching two of my patients die tonight has put me in a funk. one was young.  
@hot30 guys why did paranoid drop out of the countdown?? thats so not fair  iv voted heaps for it!!!!!
@lizhodgins I heard your moving to Sydney next year im not happy 
happy to b home .. then my mind wanders an I can't sleep 
@ddlovato, ahhhhhhh so excited for july 21 (: ecxept stupid australia won't get it til like decembbberrrrrrrr  but stilll ahhh! congratss.
Had a awesome time 2. Got2meet brandon rhyder! Unfortunatly i can't sleep n tomorrow.  back 2 the ole job. @pattymlt got my game face on!
@kimberlymdg I had fun tonight! I'll leave you with this...Brandi Carlile will be in Dallas today.  We should just sneak into the show!
@hudaaaa eeeeeeeeeeeeee i jealous sia i didnt get to seee 
@GeoffComma no fair 
Unstable broadband and electricity taking toll on my mental stability. 
Just watched The Goode Family premiere online... And I think this may be the last episode I watch. It's pretty amazingly mediocre  pass.
It was my baby bros last time singing in front of his school  im so so proud of him !!! but when did i get old  im only 22!
@anant24121986 it is so unfair that all the good rock shows happen only in B'lore and Pune 
@JERI7YN aww you're going back to east coast again?i haven't even seeen you! 
missed all the awesome weather, because she was in a movie! 
so much fun at the beach today!  and delicious dinner at @kimbononowowo's house!! i friggin love Mark and Josh!! I'm gonna miss them!! 
says BAD TRIP! (angry)  http://plurk.com/p/wxshi
@anant25121986 it is so unfair that all the good rock shows happen only in B'lore and Pune 
I miss the concert Tuesday already. I'd really like a time machine to go see it again... It was so fun... 
Home early, yeh! work to do over the weekend, $%$#@!!!! not happy!!! so much 4 a big1 
I hate working nights, cos I'm not really able to enjoy this gorgeous weather, as I will be asleep 
Mom asking if I'm feeling better after dargah visit. Dad swears he sees +ve &quot;change&quot;.  I am amused.   But yeah, still depressed 
@_anniemay OMG No fair 
I've had a sore throat since monday morning @joeyawesome...I'm just sick of it hurtin and I want some freakin sleep!     
oooooh!  this guy is so amazing, he's so cute, and he sent me a photo!  and no...i can't show 
@lizz_xx cheer up lizzi there will b another foh hero concert   but still i suppose we can b upset  xoxoxo
@MommaSalty ...that's a miserable afterparty report 
Not excited of blowing out another candle today... [as when I was a kid!]  
A sunny morning in the Big K, with lawns to mow and a 2 mile to run to attempt, urgh 
@destinyeyes i'm sorry! lol i have never had, like, actual time to spend there unfortunately. everything's always been INSANE when i go 
@_shannon1234 Shannie im so sorry! didnt mean to upset you! i just thought you would find it cute  im sorry dont be sad!
Not excited of blowing out another candle today... [as when I was a kid!]   We gotta grow up soon or later...
aww my poor tank friend.    his guild is fucking him over after promising him main OT. he barely even gets to go now.  ;_;
@aliwise is tweeting so much that she's not even paying attention to me! 
Theres a spider above my bed  calming my fears by listening to greeeeen day&lt;3
Gogol Bordello &lt; par.    Prolly not even in the top 10 of GB shows I've seen.   Perhaps some old fashioned Civilization II will help?
Been working lots of overtime this week. Only just realized I booked a half day tomorrow so this week will just break even 
@BrentLauren that doesn't sound like fun 
Good Morning campers, I'm not a happy bear this morning, had an awful dream during the night, &amp; am v worried. 
@tifftiff88 what don't be sad?  Be glad. Your 21 
i'm so bored i can barely even tweet. i have nothing to talk about.  #boredboots
Tired. About to climb into bed and fall asleep. I hope this weekend will be fun... I only have a couple of weeks left 
  Jus Got Hom Fr. TDa Funeral... I'm So Sad! I Cried So Much Times! Much Love Grandpa!&lt;3 I Never Got To Say My Last &quot;Goodbye&quot; to Him.
2moro is the end of my stay @Grandmas to bad shes in NY Then off 2Ft Laud 4a weddin Florida is fun but i miss Home and Spike(car) lol 
@stevecruzblog  It is so unfair, Hustlaball, US citizens working here, Personal Appearances Expectations, Prowler, can I do that there?
Fun game of 'Candamir' with the kids last night. Can't believe it's now our last day 
kewl the JB chat was awesome. I had to miss lots of it though cause i had 2 go 2 skewl 
Getting rather annoyed at my notebook. I know it's old and has got wrinkles but it's never been this slow before 
@lumivalkoinen nice you look awesome in photos .. whereas I look like a drunken soccer fan in all of mine 
going crazy, the pain is unbearable..&amp; i gotta wait till thursday!? 
Holy shit it's super sunny, Friday and Whitsun, my tube is deeeesearted. Wish I was in the park 
Holy shit it's super sunny, Friday and Whitsun, my tube is deeeesearted. Wish I was in the park  http://tinyurl.com/ns2l55
I am soo happy! But frustrated at the same time!  :]  :S. Ohh noo!!! Britney is recording her new video for Radar!!!  Sooo ExxCiiTeed!!!
BOOYA!! Sup Tweeps!? Happy inFAMOUS day to you all, off to get it very soon. Can't wait to play, need to find some more time though 
Arghhh So annoyed-yet again gone 2 starbucks &amp; given skimmed milk instead of soy milk!! I can't have milk so hav 2 throw away! Expensive 
@bannersrus hemp cloth is marvelous but unfortunately no 
NOT excited for 32 people reservation in the morning  damn LOVIN halo3 right now for sure too
@JohnGunders I want Ulead back, it was awesome and it worked. But unfortunately it's only for PC 
Walking to work on a gloriously sunny day. Going to be a good weekend in which I will burn as always even with suncream on  #fb
@serenetan Is it? Wah. Wasted trip! 
excited for YSJ Summer Ball - I wish we had one too 
@melkoo Hi Mel, if you feel unhappy just take a bit of fries but don't overdo.  If can help it don't 
is envious of people not in long-distance relationships...she's all mushy with no one to cuddle.  
Muay Thai was awesome. I'm gonna be sore in the morning! I feel like being bad and eating junk tho 
All this talk of buttershots has me wanting some!  Maybe I'll have a small bit over ice, I haven't had any since faire.
not happy with my 5:45 wake up call this morning  ... she's going to be grumpy later!
@absolutelytrue  #nightshift I'm still working  luckily having fun with it. I can turn the music up when no one else is in the office. yay
is tryna find her a 30 yr old junt with a 401 k, stable job, good home with an extra room 4 me and my baggage..so tired of u young dudes 
@melkoo If it is any consolation I got my BMI tested hahaha it says I am obesed  well so much for being unhappy for about 10 minutes.
really annoyed that work appear to have blocked facebook now... 
is jealous of his family  their all having an amazing breakfast and all i get is rice crispies
Brownie sundaes at Five and Dumpster. Blood Bros on iTunes. Palm Reader was closed  Fun at the 371 anyway.
Warwick Castle http://snurl.com/izzau Amazing!  Off to Devon for a week...no internet, no updates 
Ria got a a G1 phone and im jealous 
I'm going to see Le Mis tonight. - myonlysanction: ugh, so jealous. aw  im a sucker for musicals, but i... http://tumblr.com/xtl1wb089
@sunnyphoenix there was like no1 there n tha DJ comp was hella wack... no gud DJs  but got in free so its all gud
home form school...its a long weekend  most ppl would be happy but im not...im still mad and sad about him
@aprilholle hmm. grows. in this case i am screwed. i can't even keep the &quot;easy care&quot; love fern alive. 
@gnoserif FANTASTIC IDEA.. you the man! but I'll end up all lonely when the tourist goes home 
I just lost a fight against @hangy on Tweefight. I lost  Please revenge me! Try now http://tweefight.com/?opp=hangy
Selling 10jaffa race tickets. My friends are so heartless they wont even buy one 
is desperate to go to the venice beinnale 
Doing uni work all weekend. Fun times 
hmm. I'm disappointed. I made 2 servings, and I am only able to enjoy one because my stomach is now full  wishing I had company to help.
Gone r the days wen we used to sit 4 exams.. no more exams, no more classes, no more bunking n no more fun..  
@Jessicaveronica MARRRRRRRRRRY ME! &lt;3 have fun partying tonight, have a drink for me, if only i was 18 i wud come there just to see you! 
@roninreckless dude you didn't even say bye 
@Vzzzbx I'm glad/sad that it's not just me/my iPhone  #badoptus
slept all day.. lol. now time to start on my UN article.. what fun (: ... 
Getting that funny feeling that usually indicates I'm sick. Great.... 
SF felt WAY too intense for me tonight. Hope that doesn't keep up. Upset with myself for not hanging with @fascinated and pearl 
@JustcallmeMac your making me jealous now  I want one! How long have u guys been married?
@notmywords yup-unfortunately  Took today off work and just slept all day.
@_erica /hugs those are the worst. Mine used to be really bad on the first day..sometimes can't even get out of bed. 
falling asleep and waking to gun shots arent fun 
@twebbstack nuhhhh no info on ticketek yet  Heaps excited though! I dont care how much but I hope it isn't too much..
@mrcoups oh dear  not fun
Happy belated Birthday to Billy!! I forgot to say that on his bday.  I  feel aweful!
can't tell you how thrilled I am to have just had a nosebleed.  first time in ages.  overjoyed doesn't cover it.  urgh 
damn i missed @xsparkage's blogtv  i hope it was funsies?
I can't work twitter on my phone!  we're just in bed thinking of funny stuff from last night! (L) GOOD TIMES!
my eyes are streaming!! i HATE hayfever  it's so bad even my tablets aren't working!
My brother just woke me up to help him with his homework. I'm not happy 
wishes wag na sana ma reject thesis proposal ko nadedepress na ko eh (goodluck) (annoyed)  http://plurk.com/p/wy27u
and I'm so naughty I cant even take my dog, I have to sit &amp; watch how proper dog owners do it, will Brunos life ever be the same? 
I'm glad that all got cleared up.  I lah you!  Idk why Linda hates me though.. 
Sooo tired i cant believe its already dark outside i didnt even get to see the day 
@lesleyroy haha! nice! Have fun doll! Hopefully I'll see ya soon! I miss ur face! 
@davidnikel i don't even know what sporting social enterprise means.... 
yummy chocolate cake..wish even i got one for my b'day!!   anybody listening???
Going back to Manila this evening. All my trips to Cebu are so bitin. 
@kimberly__joy i feel like red lea now 
Just watched Mall Cop. Wasn't that funny, but wasn't too bad. I guess. I kinda wish I still worked at a movie theater.... 
wowowee willie of fortune is just making me depressed  damn love.
Desperately wishing I could sleep - But I am too frazzled about my Gma, and can't sleep.. :'( It's really bad tonight  xx
Whataburger closing all locations but tally  so harsh, might have to transfer schools
i'm so worn out, this week has sped by soo fast. gonna ask mum if we can go to the movies. i'm desperate 
Wee laddie's been SO upset for about 2 hours. Tried soothing him in bed, nursing, etc. Nope. Up at 3:30am for real food. Blue Clues now. 
don't know what to do today.  amazing weather and i'm sitting here, great.
@Nelley aww sorry boo. I haven't bought a printer in 4 years; my canon i900d is still making amazing prints. Have zero fisheye exp. 
@DaRealSunisaKim There's ding tai Fung here in Sydney aswell...  making me want dumplings... 
@harneet @RangitaNandy as a kid, i remember searching with the local video store owner in a godown , got a video tape with fungus badluck 
This headache is killing me yet I need to cover some boring police event. 
This place blows! My UberTwitter isn't functioning here! Had to switch to TB 
@UltraSub Too much details !!!    (But glad he is better)
@brookedanielle_ it just upsets me , becasue like 6 years we have loved them .. and then this happens  imm really uset now x
All of you can have fun tweeting all day while im cleaning hair  LOL
I still have a very depressed feline fuzzball...it's another trip to vet tmrw to see what can be done...worried doesn't even cover it 
@crunchybunny Sus Ate, I was so upset, I wasn't informed AT ALL. Turns out, they told Sarms and they expected her to tell me. Huff. 
I chilled in my room with my baby book missed my bro leavin  he really is cool had a stripper shirt on said I suppoort single moms! Funny
IS BORED. Can't even tease people now 
i didn't have fun at the club tonight, had a lot on my mind 
Enjoying the nice couple dad with my brother to bad we never really see each other anymore... 
oh my god. my twitter feed has been taken over by geeky stuff! @bmw @brampitolo @kodinlanewave @kenkeiter so funny! I wish i understood 
@liedra Bubble tea is awesome, it's been so long since I've had some 
@Rina_spn your boyfriend didn't even say bye!  
working on my oral presentation and upset.........  
@MakeupGeek I am soo excited about your pasadena seminar...if only i can find the confermation email 
tried to 'bing' today.. not operational in australia yet 
why is it so hard to find good house events in the Sacramento area? 
Why do weddings on TV make me cry? Is it just my inner desire to be eternally happy and start the rest of my life?? 
Wow what a sunny day,  just recovering some erased files 
@rmilana Hey, Wahts happening in #coffeclub..? I didnt have coffee for two days now  @dharshana
@solobasssteve I'm with you there - filing is so much less fun than sorting cos you still have to look at it &amp; hunt down details 
i thought it was already winter. turns out winter has even started 
@Sihm and the &quot;fuck  &quot; was because I dont get my gift!   I was SO exited about it, and it was sooo awesome... 
Football session after this.fun 
@Bass_ Heading off to Poole around 4ish, @LucyKD has some serious gardening to do before we go, no Tweetdeck til Sunday evening, 
@karinb_za its not fruit, its those sugar covered sweets. My tummy is not happy 
@KarenAnn_P i'm so sorry about that  i was really excited about it too! but i might continue posting externally, so fingers crossed!
I hope I get the job so I can have some steady income and start eating well again. All the cheap food is horrible for you 
@hilsatlvsonline Thanks for the tip! Unfortunately a major crash in my https site, just as ExtPlorer 
@moneymakn1 Thats actually not that fun as you would think... I was hurting for a week after a similar experience. 
In work early, frustrating myself with my own work before I get frustrated with other work. Not much time for design today 
writing report cards  soooo tired but what an amazing day. check it out on fb soon!
@david_tennant yes! Watching season 2 all evening.  Wish I could get BBC2 
@JeremyRylan I'm on mobile web and it won't let me  it looks awesome though....and no one reads my tweets anyway.
@ubuntugeeks good morning to you!  No wait, its evening.  You still have a whole day of work to go before the weekend! 
#Ferber As happens every few days, Rohan woke up unhappy at midnight.  The good/bad news is that I was still awake, due to afternoon nap
its too sunny for work  !!!
They changed the way Golden Gaytimes are made. They used to be awesome. 
is now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and the night at his house as even more bad news has come up 
is now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and spend the night at his house as even more bad news has come up 
morning, still trying to find a babysitter, there is a creche at the gym so might leave him there, but just know he won't be happy 
@jesssicababesss really? cuz KC.com said it was releasd 24/4 here n the main station doesn't even hav it 
@Emiily_Kate i know its heaps awesome. if your not working all weekend 
the @collegedems 2009 convention ( http://tr.im/mLvw ) doesn't look that great this year  - going to vegas then sounds much more fun
@BlueEyed_Cat @himynameisrose we all know and yes dont remind me im so effin jealous  fuck aust some times
@joyeuxmort Miss you too  tomorrow is friday...the day we usually just lounged around trying to figure out what to do
@nikhilbelsare exactly the same problem i am having with pure classical music, i cant njoy it 
Is going to get a full nights sleep tonight so her arm can get better. It's no fun being forced to use your left hand 
@x_Beckiie_x omg are you going to see it?! another reason to not live in devon none of the f***in cinemas have the film im so annoyed 
@LycoLoco i'm not proud. but os x excels at video/photo editing where the pc lags so much behind. 
driving around for 3 hours going nowhere is not as fun as it seems, i missed my singing lesson 
UP was awesome! Everyone should go see it.  But the stupid theatre didn't show the Pixar short film. 
@ncremins thats not really fair. I mean you just up and leave like that and you dont even give us a party  So when you coming back or  ...
I hereby proclaim it to officially be summer as it is AWESOME today! But I'm stuck inside a chilly office 
I bruised my toe worse than my I did my finger. It fuckin hurts right now even with ice on it 
3-4 hours sleep last night  barely functioning
Not happy got a big choice to make 
I forwarded an email about a cool science event in Canberra, and a friend thought it was in Sydney and trekked out to the wrong place 
@gulpanag unfortunately I choose sleep over gym almost everyday  trying to get over it!
awww, watching 18 y.o. britney on snl. she's so young and cute and really funny! i miss this britney 
sadly awake. wondering about contact info for all of the fun folks I hung out with at the shop. YAY 23b!!! Miss you guys 
@torilovesbradie definitely, or even just &quot;i'll call you&quot;, they never do  how was ur day? xx
Rather jealous of my football club who have all gone to Portugal on tour today. They're even playing a Sporting Lisbon veterans side. 
@funhiguy Hi man, yeah I so wanna go, but I'm on Maui  #liloven
Installed office for Mac &amp; messed up all my fonts on safari, crap on a stick! help! can't even read the solutions online  #badmicrosoft
The test today was killer. I didn't even manage to finish on time. 
watched the Bones finale last night in the UK &amp; it rocked!! oh how much I missed Zack!!!  @EricMillegan is so freakin' awesome &lt;3
@RikkAlaniz I'm glad he didn't get too hurt, I know some bad things can happen on motorcycles  you and everyone else are okay too, right?
@cutiemoet i meant i cnt help but stop chattin wid her.....    gud dat u noe everything.... so do u think its fair????
Its funny how I want something even more... now that someone else has it and i cant anymore    hahaha NEXT!
i thought payday was today but its on saturday  so happy hour wont be happening today lol...thank goodness its friday tho !!
Raaaaaaaaaaagh early morning  and its not even early!! Must leave for work in 6 minutes...
morning all....beautiful day...best go enjoy some sunshine before i have to go to work...unfortunately 
@vibzfabz Hey, you change your twitter account, and you didn't even tell me... 
@eljefe1401 oh, joy. We have the Elmo potty video too. 
K now I'm really going to bed even tho I ain't tired  night! &lt;3
@amerz Love it! I wish my other half could even name web design ladies 
I am so damn hungry it's not even funny! 
@StorIbook8 I see. Lol. I'll make it fun for you to follow me tomorrow...I have to go to bed now. 
Woe, it's definitely NO fun to travel first class with a bike. You have to fight your way through 7 coaches 'til you reach your seat 
@andyroddick At work at the mo and it's so sunny here today   Off to see a band tonight!!
@cutiemoet u think its fair...... k den i guess m wrng.... still i feel its not at all fair.... 
ready 4 the weekend! yay me. even though once its over, im the lucky person that gets to work 10 days in a row till i get another one off 
Else find this extremely unfair and unjust. The people spoke about the mmj laws 10 years ago here and yet our voices are still not heard. 
The sun is wonderful but makes me feel incredibly fat.. The less clothes and more exposure thing  today I diet. Again......
I think I love a part of me saying some cynical words. Even though I smile when I say them. Do you think it's bad? 
@ladybug8320 ooh, work im afarid  looking forward to a sunny weekeknd tho!!!
Cashflow forecasts are fun but big red numbers aren't  
Happy Grey's day everyone! Oh I miss Grey's!! 
jerk josh! didn't even come meet me  - im thinking of a number guess ?
i am not happy at all 
Feeling a little under the weather today  got a funny tummy - however, the sun is shining and I'm at home. Yay!
@Odbod Yeah it's the Ford Focus Titanium, you only get the helicopter add on with the top-end luxury models unfortunately 
@EPMorgan I can't even do that  not good!!
won't be going to the Oxford Internet Institute Sunner Doctoral Programme in Brisbane: lack of funding 
@kirsty_l I got excited when I thought that exhibit was in Sydney. But it's not 
won't be going to the Oxford Internet Institute Summer Doctoral Programme in Brisbane: lack of funding 
I want to see my friends  Mindless fun. No work, all play. All drunk, all walwal. All being mean to each other and sleeping in one bed 
afaik A LITTLE SAD THAT CROCCOS IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE FOR SALSA WED NIGHTS. BUMMER!!!!IENJOYED GOING THERE WED NIGHTS. 
@irrationallogic Yeah daw. Awww...  Wear a mask na!
&quot;sometime around midnight&quot; by The Airborne Toxic Event, literally cannot escape it. FML 
Enjoying the sun with a heavy heart no depeche this weekend  no spending time with the man I love too double gutted
Sick, sick, sick. This sucks. i can't even breathe properly 
@chunghow3 prolly E71... I can't think of anything else and I'm unfortunately not a Singtel customer 
Never has a 2pm finish looked so enjoyable. Pity I'm teetotal for another week 
@jodieharsh Ahhh so Jealous!  Have a nice time and I'll see you when you get back x
@dilyaela nope not really only a sweatshirt.  oh and these really really awesome doughnuts haha
@HospitalityMan  got the laptop but no golden rings  This weekend's job is to get it all set up - oh joy
apparently even Novell Moonlight doesn't work on my Jaunty 
@trixie360 zombie wrangler sounds like fun. I don't have halo wars. 
Good morning from RSA Twitterverse!! Please send me some happy vibes &amp; cheerfulness today I'm feeling a little sad 
@HelenH20 ugh! Tis so warm outside too  unfair! I want to go read and pack!
@simfin part 2: social networking??.. there is even room for people 
Tired, tired, tired.. Didn't sleep well last night..   Thought too much.. Slept not much.. Glad that it's almost weekend!
@sianmclachlan Sorry, that was a bit negative! 
@gerald_d I can't view anything, Gerald. Not only am I banned, I can't even read the damn place. 
@BexieLady I feel for you, that sounds like how Kiya was last night  all I can say is get comfy on the couch and enjoy the cuddles!
@russellprue (duh typo error) part 2: social networking??.. there isn't even room for people 
VERY upset....  Mom is in the hospital   
@gfalcone601 ohhh ok. thats upsetting  sorry for wasting your time. xx
someone please tighten some bolts in my brain  :s  there are too many parts loose, some might even be missing 
@lesley007 Morning Lesley...ya making me jealous 
yay cheerleading when im sick. its gonna be a fun  night peoples 
Getting very frustrated by people who don't know what they want... can't wait to go home tonight... 
i dont like funerals 
can't help but feel today will be a massive Michael Jackson rumour day.  [Cue all the MJ haters...]
@tonibrockliss fyi, connie and carla is not as totally awesome as the previews make it seem  sorry about that one.
@C_J_Stuart Unfortunately not yet, I am still without licence. 
Google Adsense Income down by 6% in this months Payment, Indian Govt Happy for $ Falling, Publishers Sad 
@BrianLehrer  The ONE day I want to listen to you live and the stream is down  Enjoy you on podcast ALL the time.
@hildy77 yikes, that sucks about the TV. hopefully some animals in the wilderness between harstad and oslo are enjoying it. 
today is going to be AH. Giving notice to my boss today. She is going to be upset  I'm totally stressed.
Finally, a beautiful, sunny day in Atlanta. Too bad I'm stuck inside working... 
@KoSoVaR  got a limit sell @ .94 for even pretty much, cover commissions. Didn't like my entry on this one 
want to read twilight all day, not work at the stupid cher function 
so happy its friday...not so happy about this rain 
Goooooodmoring , I don't want to be up I am YAT   happy birthday again @its_aygee !
Ulcer the Musical! It's ulcer-rific! uls-tacular?! Stomach bleeding fun for the whole family!! (apparently even two drinks is a no no) 
enjoying and exploring my n96 phone.. grr.. it's awesome.. but i wanted the samsung omnia.. 
Very lonely here in Gosforth gallery  but excited for meal at Six followed by Antony and the Johnsons tonight. Woohoo!!
Good Morning Twitts! Another GloOmy day in NYC! 
@DJstweet I know... It was just a joke... all in good fun...  some people get my humor &amp; some don't...  
if i wasnt workin in 5 hours id be gettin ratarsed to the point where i couldnt even see let alone stand up...THAT is how shit i feel 
@iamchrisc I'm soo jealous right now!! 
Just woke up! Annnnd have just realised I missed un uber sunny day...score 
My generation is too fucking apathetic to party down in the desert. 30+ knows how to have fun and my age group is generation myspace? 
just when i thought things couldn't get any worse. it just did. and it will get even worse tonight, i bet.  my life is a misery.
heyyy where'd my tweet go?  *shouts to @fuseboxradio bc her lists are always amazing!
Raining...  I missed the rain so much...  I am grateful for it ;)
had fun tonight ^^ make up, pillow fights and skins. wish i could have stayed over 
Going to work.  Could use some happy pills 
@Peter_Duerden JealousMUCH..I want to be outttt  Not stuck in revising. You better have green dragon in my honour lol
Omega is tomorrow. Haven't really planned anything for it. Make sure to come if you can. It'll be awesome. Then move-in June 1st. 
ready for a very busy, FUN day tomorrow! gotta keep myself busy when my lover is gone 
funeral at 2.  today is going to be bad.
@AdInterim Still jealous 
on my way to school of my last friday of high school ever!  and i don't even get to see holly Gabbie and hannah
@JenRajpura HAHAHA, I'm going to be so disappointed that I miss this   But if you go HAVE FUN!!!
So disappointed about the talent lineup for &quot;Revent'n Super Estrella 2009&quot;...hmm...Have the feeling I won't get tix this time around. 
@VINYLFREAK RE: Hulu Desktop in Windows 7 Media Center  http://bit.ly/DEc64but not on extenders unfortunately 
My knee fucking hurts man  Haylee doesn't even care, GET ME MORE MILKSHAKE-SHAKE-SHAKE-SHAKE IT!
Glorious day in Glasgow for a change, and I'm working  Too much to do to even contemplate knocking off early...
ive made a terrible mistake   i need an auto save function for everything i do !
just been playin out i am all itchy now  it was fun
@TaylaMe3 excuse me ...theres me!!!  jkidding lol...so how long b4 yr fun night out starts lol
@tommcfly I'm depressed ! I want to know you and kiss you all 
Have spent half of the day troubleshooting something that wasn't even within my control. Clusters doesn't always mean high availability. 
@grayguitar @andrewconnell I'm starting to feel depressed with this hurricane talk... I'm on the front lines down here! 
@JonathanRKnight I wish I was there.I've just moved from San Diego to WA and I'm very depressed, I miss sunny San Diegoooooooo!! 
@runaholickassy i spent the whole day shopping with Aiza.  i don't really like shopping.  still, i had fun but my feet didn't. 
@JonathanRKnight   Delays/cancellations really bite. Have had my fair share and can sympathize. Hang tough!
Gen. Casey: US Ready To Fight War Against North Korea http://tinyurl.com/nehqpb  uh,oh, the war pigs are getting excited again 
New issue of @olivemagazine in the office...desperately want to flick through but have so much to do. It'll have to wait 
@epiphanygirl i am so upset i didn't get tickets... 3 of my all time FAV artists at one venue 
@jojeda I'm a minute in and I want to strangle the used car salesman doing the presentation. Is he related to the ShamWOW guy? 
is upset, I left my phone at home again 
@PotterEntourage I'm glad you threw the tantrum!  I was going to, but I don't know her well enough yet   Was she apologetic, darn her!?
I didn't get the job at Stuff Magazine  Dammit, that would have been amazing!! Oh well.
@simonschuster Celebrity sighting: Spongebobs here! #BEA09   LOL! Now I'm even more distraught I missed it 
is upset, I left my phone at home again 
@alexalgebra Unfortunately, that's how it usually goes.  In answer to yesterday...I'm okay. Things may be looking up. Miss talking to you.
Sweat is just not cute.  Unfortunately I haven't figured out how to work out without sweating. BOO.
Im starting to rethink my &quot;I cant stand cold places&quot; stance..this heat, humidity is unbearable &amp; i cant stand the ac no more  #meltingaway
being upset 
I am tres depressed 
@E_L_S How was the game? Unfortunately, teh Cavs lost  I'm sure you had fun though
At work... What a miserable day 
Enjoyed last night at what I call &quot;real world social networking&quot; -  LOK event in Vancouver.  It was great!.  But headeache today 
On the list of park closures - Calaveras Big Trees SP, where I'm headed this weekend. So glad to be visiting before it's too late. 
@anijade she was wonderful, did not get to meet her though 
@iAlejandro Aww I thought you forgot me last night. I was  I hardly have my twitter on my phone so just text me in the evenings ok? 
@crazydaisyfire Well thats even worse cuz when it gets hurt everyone is in pain, but poor Stephen has a smushed twitter now!  
trying to learn how to speak french !  can't even remember a single word!
Just took daughter to school. Still tired and still no voice. I know some people are happy!! LOL. Time to get ready for work 
@SoundBwoyFast Gloomy as ever. I wanted to hit the beach too.  might as well get like you and handle my errands too lol
Sry but other day tweets were MIA - twitter network glitch, but story was re: funeral mix-up, as in wrong remains delivered to ea. 
Happy Friday! I just realized I left my cell phone at home today though 
@tiffaniallen: i'm happy you got your hair did!! and i cant wait til i get back to see it! we're leaving today 
@release30  Enjoy...wish I was there! Nice day in Springfield today..however I have my end of month expense report to do 
not enjoying this cold, raininy Boston day.  I think my new metal back doesn't like getting wet. ;-)
Feeling very undervalued and neglected. Not even the sunshine is pulling me out this lul. 
No u guys! @jonathanrknight said California in an angry tweet to perez hilton! Jonathan was so upset he spelled California wrong 
@mizbrightside lol hehehe ok!!! well hope u njoy your night tonight ok!! need to give Jim hand with shopiing 
Not a happy bunny 
It's supposed to be even hotter today than yesterday.  Wearing shorts to work.
*sigh* my @ubank USB died on my this afternoon. R.I.P, you will be missed! I hadn't even had the chance to parade you around yet 
going to funeral today for friend and classmate who died in a car wreck last Friday 
just got a haircut, NOT happy! 
@GlasgowGooner Boo  well its good fun tho.. sucks if u cant get cards.. I finished 10th in last nights #tpt I took @street out LOL
is SO frustrated!!! I'm stuck at home without any transportation to the global god conference!!! Ahh 
it's 8a and i'm already dressed  but we're on set today so let the real fun begin!!! lights! camera! action!
The CD  player in my car is broken.  So much for listening to my Kidz Bop Happy Meal CD.
Off to work. My last day. Get to walk around and out-process. I am very happy to be one step closer to what I really want to do, but  2.
@emily859 Glad to hear the weather's nice.  It's rained just about every day for the last five days.  Not fun for exploring 
Happy Sammy is going 2 here 2morrow!! But unfortunatly I'm not gone be able 2 go 2 the club he performing @ 
I have myself barely 4 hrs of sleep and the Lord blessed me with what feels like 8, but it came with a sore throat  pumpin out this paper!
did U watch the spelling bee contest ? winner: Kavya Shivshankar ! Impressive performance - i had not even heared most of the words b4 
is *ugh* what a miserable looking day. 54 degrees. Where did summer go? 
spent all morning watching Eddie Izzard's Glorious! SO funny... realli shud hav studied thou... 
Grrr, I can't even practice Trumpet or vocals because my glands in my neck hurt too much! Guitar it is then. 
One load of washing put away, and another load on. Amazing how the house doesn't look any better for all my efforts 
Just had another Army-provided root canal. Not fun. I'm starving and craving lunch at Paloma Blanca. That's a long way from here. 
Its already hot outside...  thank goodness my car has amazing a.c!!! cyalater!!! off to work!!!
@Chilosa09 Have fun tomorrow night. I think it will be more fun at a bar than art gallery. Wish I could be there 
@woodywoodford unfortunately I didn't leave the house in time 
@Dojie oooh lush. i cant sunbathe i burn way to easily even with sun cream  @sofisticat im great thanks lovely sunny day no?
My throat hurts so bad that i dont even want to swallow my own spit.       And i officially cant talk now....  
finally got home. ohhh my aching feet!  but am happy to finally watch the giro!!!
should not have waled past the Quad! I want to be outside having fun. 
My storm is acting up  ....Excited for the discussion session regarding Social Media. Scott Lake, CEO of ThinkSM, will be attending.
@peterfacinelli You didn't answer my riddle  Party pooper lol. Jokes Joyce  it was a good one tho haha. Hav a gr8 weekend!
@BrittanyASnow omgsh i know  i'm dealing with that rite now. its no fun!
@DsBabyGirl I know. I want it to come bec I'm excited, but then I don't bec it's gonna go by so fast &amp; then it will be over 
@TheCubs Cubbies at an even .500. So what else is new?  No matter: Beat dem Bums! #chicago #baseball
@happylovesChuck I know. But the second problem being: he doesn't REALLY exist still applies. Shame 
Playing Monopoly Jr. with the lil one.. Cheating isn't as much fun when the other person has absolutely no idea 
I just made myself a wonderful breakfast!!!!!!!! Now I have to get ready to workout 
Men it's far too sunny 
Oh, my God..... The end of the first course))) don't believe in it) but, yeh, so many exams  La-la-la// everything is wonderful!!!!!!!!!!
@krissylin you're a busy Bob, I'm jealous. I'm not sure I can even afford to go meet John de Lancie and Leonard Nimoy 
@Twyst The devil you say!  I've been waiting for the Black Widow in movies and now she won't be awesome at all. 
@awesomeann7 u already took da pic with out me 
I am never going in to town on a sunny friday in half term again. eugh got no electricity 
Sephora is having a 75% off sale. And I'm so broke  Life isn't fair.
@RichardMadeley Oh, final msg - Why didn't you review my boardgame Bookchase' when you were on telly? We didn't even get a nice letter.. 
Last night was fun w the lightening and thunder  Today will be in the 90s 
is waiting for the estate agent to do valuation. oh joy. *sigh* i need to be in the funhouse  pink baby come back!!!!
Glad to see the sun out in Dublin after a great week in London. Back to work 
@DonnaSpeaks I dont know  I didnt even realize it was gone  let me put it up again...darn twitter!
Wanna know a not fun way to wake up? Having a panic attack and not being able to breath for no fucking reason, that fucking sucked 
Up. Showered. Struggling for the drive to get out the door. I'm gloomy. I miss my sway.  
little beetle not feeling any love  Searches are bring up zilch, bar 2 peeps that appear funny !!!
@NikkiBons Happy Birthday Dork!! Lots of love for you today!!!  I wish I was there so I could buy you a drink   Make it a great night!
The NVIDIA ION-based Lenovo IdeaPad S12 (  http://is.gd/J6Zy ) is awesome.  Fn key to left of Ctrl makes it non-starter for me though 
Spyed Princess Anne today, and listented to all my friends cooking up the perfect evening, Working sucks for me and OB ? 
I'm so pissed off today n sadly.. Can't even share the reason here 
Demoing with Gary burr!!! So excited to get some &quot;girls&quot; music on tape!! Missing Tayla 
Allergies  sun is out, wearing shorts.  Stuck with my advisory the whole day.... This should be boring. Except fun. If people make it fun?
@lindseylu My club card and picture and I just cured world hunger! And made of gold! This thing is awesome! Too bad you don't have yours. 
I WANT A GARDEN  sitting inside when it's sunny sucks.
Someone stole my new laptop at the airport. haven't even used it. Guess the US economy is breeding a new set of &quot;opportinists&quot; 
@NmcDee Haha ....I Cudnt Get Tickets For Dublin ..I Was soo Upset 
@tommcfly Tom! Do a tour in the Philippines, please?  That would be so awesome!
@SteveChaiGuy Your Steve Chai sounds awesome. *wishes she had one now* But I'm stuck with: Idon'tknowwhatdamnbrandcoffeethisis  
@zincroof ahh ok! Enjoy! I'll miss it 
@TeeRibbzz noo.. U dont even know how upset I am right now.. 
painting my nails green in an attempt to look like an army person. annoyed that everyone seems to tan apart from me! freckles and sunburn 
O dnt even like wearing  my skinny jean no more cuz of yall bitch ass ni99as... 
@MattyV AND! you wouldnt even be able to go. its too far for you 
I'm really tired today - I must have slept very badly... I'm glad it's an &quot;off&quot; Friday, but I've still got a ton of stuff to get done  #fb
@Yampolito That will make things fair. My poor Tiger has no claws or nutz 
@funmsdrebirth I'll be back soon 
@theguigirl Awwww...thanks!! ;) Unfortunately, everything closes at 4pm in Sweden on a friday. Presentation is 9am Monday. 
@telemaniatik hahaha no you don't! it was amazing! they're really amazing! today they have another one. I can't go 
@leilaanasazi: I'm sure lots of that studio equipment was collected analog stuff that can't be bought anymore.    seriously, condolences.
@Petiethecat None of Meowmie's friends have money, and even if they did, she wouldn't be able to pay them back. 
Up early. Knee throbbing. Maker Faire 99% out now. Possibly Califur too. Same torn ligament as before I think. No insurance tho. 
@sirpopey I'm not part of that generation unfortunately.  This is really good though
I hate when it's cloudy. I either want it to be all sunny or raining. It's cloudy 
@ElizaPatricia =o YOU SAW FLEETWOOD MAC! I'm insanely jealous. I don't have enough money to buy tickets.  I think I'll never see them. =(
I have had it with job hunting. I try all day and nothing works  I bet I couldn't even work at the strip club because of my cider belly!
I know that just sounded really stupid.  having 2 jobs sucks. I don't like feeling like this. I feel bitter and angry. What am I? 70??
there's something about this area that makes my tonsils swell up everyday. i don't get it..  i feel slightly miserable. #FF done 4 now!!
@nptnmkiii I dunno...I thought I was funny 
35mins through the 1hr 20mins Google Wave demo, that looks a lot of fun, would love to test it though.  http://bit.ly/WnMSc
@LinkedInBrian Unfortunately, I will be nowhere near the beach. I have fam in that area, too. 
@yvetterdz84 nah, he won't  but I will sit here and enjoy the view :-P
Such a beautiful day. I just wish I had the energy to enjoy it. 
ahh everyone's out today taking in the sunny weather except me  might go and watch some tv...
Ok I'm frustrated, there is hella dust between the screens of my blackberry 
is sooo confused these days   But glad to be back from Lillestr'm
Of all things good and awesome about shooting destination weddings, I'll miss my baby girl for few days.   #fb
Awh, its the last day of the tour  I'll miss hangin w/@sendoutscuds and Children 18:3. Soooo...let's make it an awesome nite in OK!!
Energy steadily increasing, thankfully, but the cough isn't going away. 
@CMiget That's always fun to clean up 
On a flight home  after an awesome trip with my cousin! Miss you sophia
Today seems like it should be a good day! Even though my fuel pump is going out on my car  *~xoxo~*
Moving in the rain is not fun. Last day in the Hamptons 
Not feeling too good at ALL, about to head to work from 12-5.  Not a bad shift, just not fun when you don't feel well! Hope it goes FAST
@gladieator  got my hair rebonded at some korean place. dude! my hair is f'in fried! cut 5&quot; already ... now just chopping it off!!! 
@megshine: have fun focus grouping! i have no participants as of yet.. 
@garageglamorous I agree, 'Paparazzi' waz an amazing vid, I luved it, but felt bad cuz it waz leaked &amp; I watched it 
@hippyofdoom I didn't even get a chance to shop @ Aldi! 
@felipemercado are you still angry with me? 
Why do you hurt me? Does it bring you joy to see me cry? You know I love you more then anything and yet u break my heart everyday! 
GIVE A HATER A Hug ? Why would you do that? I don't like mwean people 
@agoodeye I am soooo disapoointed I couldn't make it  I will be there next time! Glad it was productive.
@cherishable73 i guess it's easier said than done for some people.....myself being one of them unfortunately 
I finished @Melzer 's Zombie Chronicles a few days ago. It was bittersweet. Now I need something new for the gym 
@TheRotArm My first thought too, I've never even watched Dragonball 
@joycecherrier Awww. Don't mean to sound like an overgrown age 37 baby, but I'm still stick. Not as bad as yesterday, but still bad. 
so disappointed with human kind   &quot;What's wrong with the world?&quot;  I have five girls in the garden, innocently enjoying the good weather...
is very upset to see carys and donna go today    miss you both hugely already!!! (Yes ok its only been like 3 hours) haaa..waaaah
@KingsOfLeon_Grl very excited, although her train is going to be delayed 
 sad day*Lakers please make me happy with a W
I need a bigger mp3 player... even if it pains me to say it 
Oh man....my fiance just got off work and I start mine in 1 hour....so not fair..... 
Visit 2  La Ventana de los Cielos foundation was pushed bck 2 weeks,  was so excited 2 go &amp; meet the kids. I'll have 2 wait another 2 wks
stupid HIP!! I hate you!! And I can't even break in my new kicks!!!  GRRRR!
@Petrolhead159 Unfortunately I didn't see any of that spreading of poo 
@anomalei Well, I'm glad I'm not the only one! Mine's so bad I'm having to resort to pulling out the old hairband disguises... 
just thought about how unfair 3 ppl have been 2 me n got depressed again  HATERS!!!
thought I was going to have a fun day 
@jamiehigh !!!!  glad you're alright!
I'm so disgusted that my assumptions regarding what happened in Harlem last night were 100% correct without reading the story first. 
http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/richardchan.htm OMFG this dude looks well 'ard! He puts me to shame... 
@aidadoll he thinks he's a gangsterrr  his ass don't even fit in G Unit. &amp; I know :| )))))
Got people don't let me skip sci pratical becos skola is impt and dont waste my parents money.  Nt fair.
I hate having to put my toddler in a disposable, but her rash needs ointment. I hate her having a rash even worse. 
it is always sunny on days when i can't possible be outside.  life is out to get me
OMGoodness back to school soon FUN! 
Got people don't let me skip sci pratical becos skola is impt and cannot waste my parents money.  Nt fair.
Ordered a new computer! Unfortunately it won't get here until the end of June. 
@Yurges loadsa shizze has happend  IM SO UPSET..
@Leikela4 glad its nice there. Gray skies and rainy in wisconsin. 
Irritated that I can send emails but not receive them! 
has been playing Guitar hero to let of some steam..  you see.. Mr Unreliable has striked again!  not funny 
So annoyed I missed Mitch Benn @ Lemon Tree. damn you What's On! 
@DAC1MM don't know yet.. no word...   hopeful though!! and some good stuff happening lately so I'm getting excited!
@45H13Y that's no fun  server change...?
Brilliant day today, got the car washed and got a washing done! Just have to go to work in an hour 
@JeffAbel Unfortunately, yes...not outside!  
@Alice286 lucky girl!!! I work all day tomorrow! and maybe even Monday!!  
@CashCapone now cash u kno I'm not a hater.....jus upset I don't have my update yet 
soo tired.. still kinda angry that i missed the concert 
leaving now  off to get my angry teethed pulled....
@allconsoffun anymore 
I've got sunburnt knees... it's funny now, but I bet they'll sting later   Had a fab day though  x
@Spitphyre well good luck with #twpp in an hours time i think i will be on my way home  have fun!
Trying to get some work done not too happy about work situation 
@HiHillaryyy have fun 
is enjoying a yummy salad, but missing her avocado  that's what happens when your husband does the grocery shop.
@AnnieOleary its not a starfleet one  its not even a romulin one  its like the random one i dont remember ha. and you cant wear it! lame
last school day tomorrow! it was the funnest day ever. BUt also really sad  Righ ow I'm getting ready to go to Moab with Phil!!!
Oww. Can't even describe how much my back hurts. Going to have to go to the stupid doctor. 
Aaaaahhhh.... Friday!!!! but.......     Funeral at 5 
Sun has been making me happy =] Shame about work tonight  x
@JanaiChristian While im stuck INSIDE in Elk Grove Village working all day   Someone should enjoy it!
Sad day in the office. Glad it's Friday. Like to get away from this for a while. Poor co-worker just lost her son. 
@EllipticEye  ....what did she EVER do to piss them off?    I thought you just meant casting-related wank, not more of that crap.
@RainbowAnne OMG what posts were deleted? So annoyed I can't go on forum at work! 
@channisaulfah Not even better than Kapsel cha  Dy nulis notes? Spertinya gw ga ditag cuz g ada notificationnya... Huhu.
@wendilynnmakeup Good Morning! It's been a while since I've &quot;talked&quot; to you   - Keep up the awesome tweets.
weather is making me gloomy 
sourish limbs is preventing me from gg out on a friday. not happy. i haven't been on at 12am for a v long time...even more so on a fri 
is hurt and upset and trying to smile when i feel broken inside 
@Fazenastynas no  and i remember that one too! shit was so fun. i got aladdin! - TOO fun omg. now i wanna play
Finally left the house! It's gloomy outside. 
Loving the sun today, even thought I should be revising. Not a good day though, been at Kates all afty, shit day for her bless her  x
@majcher I have been run down all week, going to bed around 8:30 each night because of my allergies. It is miserable. 
@stevenbward my interview if picked is NY too. But you probably forgot about me after blogtalk radio. 
@ShannonGrissom @grannypig #followfriday thank you!  I'm still not even close to what I had as @GottaLaff 
@getgood I missed out on carrot cake last night.  Hope you had fun @wxwm.
Ugh - car got stolen sometime between yesterday evening and this morning when husband was due to go to work  Like we can afford this???
My Degree  [Tear] happy moment!  http://mypict.me/1ZpF
Have a happy Friday and weekend everyone .. TGIF for me is nothing 
@AnnaSaccone Seeing my friends and doing coursework  I have the weekend off work so I am happy!
@ispybeauty philly was soooo fun. im trying to come to sea isle asap. im working alot the next two weeks tho b/c alot of peole asked off 
@ashleytisdale have fun!!!!  i dont have school for a while, wish i could go to germany... its like 1 hour away  xoxo
@Annie713 It's ugly and gray outside even in San Diego. Not too cold, will get to 70, but May-gray June-gloom for us all 
@thefremen Even IE8 would be better 
Finally sunny days and I'm too sick to go outside and play. 
@violetph  Gods sake it isn't even your birthday yet  i need a cool job like that.
Thanks everyone. Unfortunately nothing can be done. The sales speak for themselves, and if that doesn't convince Diamond, nothing will.  
@IzzyJ_Is_Here oh hun, i'm sorry... out of everything you've been through, the last thing you deserve is to be unhappy at home.. 
Happy Friday. Just pulled some yummy radishes out of the garden. Hope the strawberries turn out. Still no blooms. 
@HDEnvy Thanks!  Unfortunately the EU had probs with his satellite provider, so even though his TV LOOKS great, it's basically useless 
Frustrated with copying 13Gigs across USB 1.1.Stupid old servers 
@jkblacker Unfortunately I'm not @jamesog - someone's squatting on that 
im well bored  had a great half term and i dont wanna go back to school on monday :'( enjoying the hot weatler lo0l ;)
@AngelIbarra @ZombieNicholas DUBLIN TOMORROW!! Cant wait.. hope ye are excited  Been over a year since last time 
@LenaAlli i dont even know now lenaaa  when you going clothes show?
i could tell its gonna be an angry day... 
Eww town fair tire smells horrible. Its making me sick 
I think it's unfair I have to miss the sun  all places of work should be closed an writing essays should not be allowed when it's sunny!
@lelebaby21 @JazzyFiierce u guys are soo unfair smh... 
@GoodGreenTea Its been a fun afternoon for me trying though....BBQ's out now though...feeling a bit sick 
@Ana_Surprise its soooo funny! thanks or today. btw, lebron harassed me 
so much for an amazing day...some pervert just ruined it 
@tommcfly It's 12:30AM, @buonotomato stopped tweeting, my brain's not functioning. I wanna cry. Haha. Philippines tour, please?  Love ya!
Dang i didnt even remember it was my bday today 
How would we get thousand battlegrounds  #battleground, I mean we don't even know how could we reach which number to make it trending tpc
@erickadiaz I get to go to coffee now  It's no fun. I hate it too!
@nikkibop and he's not even fat!!!! Huh, @freyalynn? He's just friggin huge!  I have a freak. 
@TylerAlyse SAC won't offer fundamentals of math 2 for teachers in summer one  booo. I miss SAC!
@steven89 I dont have one here - dunno if my mom ever had one or not - 
Tum is very unhappy this morning (&amp; it's definitely not a hangover, either). I'd call in sick to work except Heidi needs a ride home. 
@MissShell20 eeeeep so jealous ;) I'm at work  um, how can u receive Viva? Do they broadcast it online? :plz:
http://twitpic.com/66u67 after the shot calmin down! 
@scarletty24 i know.. i suck.. i'm a master procrastinator  ... you guys don't have too much fun without me 
Is not a happy bunny 
Tbh having no credit in your phone sux. i cant even text people to see what's happening, like its totally grrrsville 
Is getting upset at work cus bindz and j are being bullies  and they won't let me go duty free shopping!
@belfair_rocks I WISH he could fix this dang thing!!! 
Happy Birthday to meeeee!! Excited to go out tonight, but I'm gonna miss my girl 
@cameronmarion me too  no one even liked my answers to life last night, pshh
@officialTila cant believe tila tequila was in ct and i didnt know... so upset 
Feeling so low and depressed that I'm not on holiday 
@IzzyJ_Is_Here haha yeah i hate seeing him in pain so i do what I can.. and I send hugs to you too, hun! I hate seeing that youre unhappy 
@Karmina13 what's up? what happened? DM me if you need to. TXT on my phone is defunk'd 
Jealousy makes u into a different person ... I freakin hate being this way  gotta suck it up I guess
its freezing cold! i cant function right in this type of weather. starving to the max 
Had the hottest and stressiest day at work  f the area manager. So happy to be going home!
Sick  Right now very thankful for my chicken soup and my bed!
At work but punchy due to two early morning pager events. 
Can't even tell you how much this hair dresser is pissssssing me off she has no clue wtf I'm asking her to do..so I'm expecting the worst 
oh i hate friday evening. 
@FunkeyGurlNo1 I'm going to work.... bummer 
Well on a normal day I'd already be done with work...Unfortunately this is not a normal day. Which means I'll be in the office till late. 
I'm so lost without my laptop. And no break again for me today. Made even worse that the 2 big bosses of skipton showed up today 
Math is amazing and hell at the same time  socialily that is the naiv part is fine.
weekend!! even though I have work 
@vanessathomas ugh some stupid teenagers just showed up. My peaceful time is over 
@isuhin O dear. so you're going to be fucking that kiddoe and I'm going to sit there doing..  nothing! awesome  WHERES THE SHOPPING?!&lt;3
isn't lookin 4ward 2 work 2mz.. n if its gna b like 2day-weatherwise- itl b even worse  xo
@joycewaddle like almost above my sholders 
@foxforcefive Headaches suck, especially stress related ones. I used to get those a lot.  &lt;3
@paulo_one yes it went down smooth! Too bad I have to get back to work though  how are you enjoying your Friday?
@AFtheAWESOMEone what's wrong? 
@scavengerlor LoL Clever I'm Extremely Jealous Of The Amount Of Followers You Have  I Only Have 24
@KuhliZzle i cant even call a nigga man  bitches on bogus shit. yah digg?
just got back home, shit.. again meeting tmrw,staying at sea view, i even dont my fresh undergarments  tiring, 13 hrs working days
I kinda like not having a car but there have been situations lately where I have been prevented from participating due to my carlessness. 
@Christy_Edmonds Oh, I'm sorry   You'll have lots of fun though, should be a great time!
Today isn't going the way I planned.  Early lunchbreak &amp; I may not be back til Mon. Weekend gonna be fun with friends, tho. 
@beachnerbum I hate June gloom. I was getting so excited for the beach. 
Excited for today! But still so much to do 
I'm off to a fun filled evening at a funeral home ...  Joy.
Sitting next to a man with a Kindle II...I don't know if I've ever been this jealous 
I haven't logged onto Minto.com in like 3 months and what I saw upset me  Gotta do better!
God I HATE scary movies. They are not fun at all. I'm such a wimpy. 
@thepartyChase u just got me real excited cause i thought teniece was on twitter... 
@gpgirl Nah, could use a hug or three, but even that option is 2,000 miles away! 
@kylehamilton Wow, just saw your Tweet about the Proflowers fiasco. That's so not fun! 
didnt enjoy having to say goodbye to alex, v emotional times  but the sun is making me happy !
Very bummed I can't go to the @shiftworkspace open house today.   DD and I woke up with a stomach bug.  Blech.  Y'all have fun!
Damn. Stephane doesn't even feel sorry for me. Off to work then 
Excited to see the girls today; @takinakab its boring at work without you 
I'm glad I don't have class on Fridays. I need the break! Algebra test on Wednesday 
the sun burned me today....my arms look angry  Party tonight tho babes! woop!
@thecomicproject It's sunny and hot in London today, while I sit in office cranking spreadsheets 
@NeyomFriday I'm here!... Jdubb is @ his funky job...I guess.. We're neglected 
@RodrigoVaca I agree. Everybody would've been excited and then it goes... ohhhh nooooo..... MS screws up again.. 
is back from the park and is very sunburnt  cant wait 4 @totallywiredm 2night,and is gonna get smashed..bein sober jst wnt b as fun!
I'm exhausted  new song &quot;one day&quot; on myspace check out http://www.myspace.com/tannajoy
@moossacre lol - funny thing is - I don't even know what class or even race half of the people in our group are   yes - I am THAT clueless
 I had to postpone the photoshoot. Stupid Wisconsin weather. Why can't it be sunny? Working out, tanning, preschool grad night, then out!
last night in cork  and come tomorrow i wont even remember it... double sad face  haha... in the words on lily allen.. NOT FAIR!
I have never had a Starbucks coffee in my entire life, people keep making me jealous 
Weekend is getting close. Too bad I'll be stuck up north  Hopefully I'll be able to get out next weekend for some real life fun.
i lost my nintendogs, it's very upsetting. 
i told myself i wasn't gonna cry and then one kid that everyone made fun of all year said &quot;it's been a good year&quot; 
@MBLeah Unfortunately, no. 
@bitterpurl I don't even look at their fabric unless I need polar fleece.   It's worth the extra $ to go to Needle and Thread.
well paisley has one of those cone things around her head...SO funny but I feel bad for her 
Another favorite local place bites the dust: Con Sabor Cubano, the place I go to for the most amazing Cuban sammiches, is closed 
@unaffected @warpdesign @cianan @mikedelgado Byebye web buddies  The cubes look so sad... SRoach I had no idea you are BigToach.
@Jadeyyg  haa I'm so exciteddd woooo
@Lidybeth inooo arent they just  i wanna just go down there now an meet kyle again.. im too obsessed its not fair!
@enave22 Hey! You have a bunch of events on facebook that jenny and i aren't invited to...  we're sad
Trying to shop online wis I could find sevens for 40.  haha
@HeadHardHat I'm so sorry to hear your bad news.  I will send happy thoughts your way that you find a new job very soon!
is somewhat irritated by people coming up to me and asking if I'm so and so from TV, or that I look familiar. I thought I was original. 
I'm having a fantastically miserable time so far... 
Working late with only The House of Love for company. Just what I want to be doing on a summer evening when I should be out with people 
@BiggaBX Yes, It's only fair  lol
@BrinnaBarlow try being my height in small cars  not much fun specially on bumbpy country roads! haha
@suzbooze I wanna go, but I so freaking broke   Have fun for me
i just fell going into my house.. not fun 
@markhoppus i'm upset because i couldnt get any tickets on the KROQ presale. 
has a gym day and is hoping to enjoy the last Friday of her twenties. 
isnt very happy about the fact that her back is hurting today 
@juliannerowat HAHAHHA lol true that! i always remember my BD but i can never remember what date or even day it is 
my twitter looks funny  someone help!
@PoynterJones can I join you in your jealousy?  :L
forgot to wish sister happy birthday yesterday.  
enjoying the great sunshine.. from indoors.. I don't feel good today 
@lilivonshtupp I'd rather go to the matinee but I have to work  Still debating whether I should go cos going alone is no fun haha
@bkmacdaddy Not doing single ones 2day...beat  lol but would say ...ur as creative bright and fun as ur avatar with warmth+ depth #ff
I am so jealous that @collystringgs got to sleep until 1 
has bronchitis and is on 3 prescriptions. No fun at all. Had to miss two days in a row of work. 
I'm always hungry all the time but now I don't even feel like eating. This is not normal...and my throat's sore. I'm sick 
Chemistry is not fun.. 
Enjoyed this week off work, back next week 
#FF @AriesChild she is my Vegas buddy &amp; A Laker lover uuugh but I love her even though I'm all the way n Chicago 
I saw amazing heeels. But they were too big 
@Jobishia That was pretty awesome on both our parts, but a person on a bike behind you said hello and left before I recognized him 
@teamincredible ALL white shoes make me cringe  . White shoes give me pause.
I watched wayyyy too much Beverly Hills 90210 today and I am not proud of that fact.  TV FAIL
@veeriwhoa OH SILENCE VERONA!  I AM WANTING TO GO   jaja, enjoyyitverymuch and bring me phothos of Danny and dougie ?
@insidebooks Ooh, jealous. I just have yoghurt and some carrots. 
Ahhh I am sooo happy Ashley Tisdale is in Germany but I am not in Oberhausen...  But i will show it in the TV at 8 o' clock yeah I love it
is wanting someone to spend her summer evening with whilst she's in such a nice relaxed mood ! 
On the way to have Griffin's staples removed from his head!  Should be fun 
Such a busy day today!! Banbury Fair fashion show tonight and move into my apartment tomorrow! i have no started packing yet 
Had a fantastic day with an amazing girl! Just wish Sara didn't have to go home.  #fb
There  was just a horrific fight at my school  glad everyone is ok and that it's Friday.
@ashleytisdale Ahhh I am sooo happy Ashley Tisdale is in Germany but I am not in Oberhausen...  But i will show it in the TV at 8 o' clock
it might be sunny today, but alas, new product must make it to Etsy! 
not at all happy...dont know what the reason is 
@DinerokidMayo Im upset cuz now everyone agrees 
Lazy day in is awesome but I really should go out 
Ugh its really hot today already and its not even noon yet  i want ice water!
That's it? It's done already? This is one proof that there's nothing fair in this world.   http://bit.ly/10UEMq
Every time I hear someone from Vancouver, it makes me follow them. I'm hopelessly in love with #vancouver 
@_Enigma__ did you even listen to the blip i sent you 
At the doctors office woooo so much fun. Have to go back to wotk after this cant afford to be off. 
@AFMikey413 that sigh doesn't sound happy. 
@GLAMvoy Yes I think so unless it changed.  I sent u a happy mothers day text but u never responded back 
@emaxio still @ the courthouse!     Happy to have a job... sad its this one!
@tearose21 Wish I could be there to enjoy a girls day!!! 
out enjoying the weather before i have to go to work.. last shift with @jamieallover 
awesome i just ruined all my white clothes i never remember to separate 
@Jonasbrothers Just saw the webc. awesome! i loved all the songs! im sad cuz i couldnt be there  had 2 wake up early and it started at 1am
So now we'll pay more in sales tax...great.  Even worse Mom and Pop businesses have to double what they pay in business licenses.  
finishing one shift in 37 mins... drive half an hour and start all over again till 1am...and back in @ 11am tomorrow .. and its sunny 
@kirbywhitehead haha! I remember that! That trip was fun. I Miss miss miss miss miss chu 
going to a funeral 
Sitting in Mrs. Martins class, youtube is being stupid. and i REALLY want a popsicle!!! jealous of Sara 
Had an interesting evening amongst homeless people in Venice Beach last night, wishing I had my camera with me........ and model releases 
This is California it has to be sunny... But its not ::::: makes me kinda sad 
http://twitpic.com/66ymw I'm gonna miss these guys so much  Thanks for making the 5 years at senior school amazing!
So, no yarn arriving until Monday and I don't even know what's in this shipment.  I have nothing to dye.    Now what?
@Shooz1 ok ok mam ... i was jus angry 
So Bored. Firday Evening And Nothing To Do 
'anisalovesu me too. I am so so upset,especially because i fear i won't get a Jared hug tomorrow 
Ok why am I still in the airport and my flightwas @ 1:47pm I haven't even boarded  http://myloc.me/1ZPI
@msdivineknight wish i could  want to stay and play with u guys and enjoy a block party for once 
@sri_rng dont know IMEI number  is it tracked even in india?
@azroth Unfortunately, I didn't do it on purpose - itunes shuffle did it. It followed up with Dreadzone, so no life-ruin music-trauma. 
@wendyandlisa unfortunately, I will miss Girl Bros. Radio tonight. Will be in the midst of an all night writing session 
@shelleymcarthur I was only @ Cambie just slightly before the event then had to leave  Waiting for feedback though; I'll keep u posted!
Is going to have one upset daughter  in a bit..mr. Rat took a sudden turn for the worse and didn't make it 
@OSCalendar @MetromixOrlando Either way, that's unfortunate to hear  Thanks you both for the head's up.
I don't do very good at funerals. Crying is way 2 contagious for me 
am little bit upset   ppl is jerk-
@marisatangorra it because your handwriting isnt on any of them. and everyone is making fun of me because im sitting by myseld in the lrc 
is frustrated by twitter...my picture will not load. 
I'm so confused about the weather, is it really gonna be sunny? or is it really gonna rain? 
just got back from NOM NOM's at our favourite restaurant here in Haarlem. I'm sad, I will miss eating there, the food is INCREDIBLE 
Its sooooooooo not funny when I have to move from computer to computer to render and draw. Come on, Revit! AutoCAD was never this bad. 
i JUST fucking cleaned the whole kitchen....and the asshole comes home &amp; is going to make a mess of it...my mom didn't even get to see it 
Went to the hairdresser today, she cutted my hair off  I loved my long hair! Dad said he couldn't even see I got a haircut! LAAAME
ran over a worm skating...  poor wormie. but glad to be back.
@dannyid the balance is ~$8,000. unfortunately i havent been able to find a card that has a limit high enough to transfer the whole thing 
@eep2001 Might have to cancel our Disney trip this year.  Not too thrilled about it.
I don't want Warren to die. He's an awesome character!  I hate Clare she should fucking die once and for all.
@SU2C What about having one in TAMPA? I've been all excited to do the hunt, but I'm too far from any of those cities 
@darklord1  Ohh what fun! A night at Slimes, I miss that place! 
@nethra - one more funny msg on fb. this time with an actual link  today i have received 5 such messages
this evening,picking up n'pop and go for dinner at Ta Lum Tum Tum (som-tum),Major Avenue..decided to go home(not clubing tonite)..   
@candypants2 http://twitpic.com/66wxk - SO jealous right now!!!hate new england weather 
I don't like the heat, as global warming will eventually destroy the Earth, and the sun will inevitably eat up our planet,  grim 
@RNconsult alarm watch + pill name display for functioning Alzheimer patients w/b key; hear alarm &amp; ask, &quot;What is that noise about?&quot; 
i feel extra-nauseous all of a sudden, like my stomach wasn't ready to resume peristalsis after the events of two nights prior 
@DavidArchie I listening Your album on youtube. So awesome. But i can't buy it 
going to work at one sucks, I miss happy hour at sonic 
@kaylee2o3 HA! finally found someone I know! happy summer Kaylee, too bad I dont get to kick next to you anymore 
@bustermcleod Oh shit, happy late birthday! (my txt didn't send  )
saying goodbye to @jesshowe for a year  she's been awesome in helping me fit into the team at Veritas!
@yikes77 It would be great if those VIPS were for some acts I'd enjoy seeing, but noooo. 
Ugh. Another &quot;what day is it today?&quot; (5 most uttered words last 2 weeks for me) - Missed a 10 yr old birthday &amp; it was even on my iCal. 
Great weekend ahead at #catlaughs comedy festival in Kilkenny, weather is fantastic. Unfortunately I have to go to Israel on Sunday 
@brookefraser @loswhit said that @whittakerwoman mentioned bears!  have fun!! P.S bears like Peanut Butter
@My3Daughters well it sounds delicious! i'll be laying out on my patio tom, sans pool!  Enjoy your burgers!!
@xbooernsx I am so jealous. I want a free hamburger 
im still melting and im in the house in the shade  its not fair.
@lilvanillafrop that's not funny 
@t0astbandit eesh, sorry to hear that. That isn't going to make travel to Michigan very fun. 
@HandiQuilterBG I have an even dozen.  thanks for reminding me. I quilt 2 and make 3. LOL
is enjoying the nice weather but has been stuck indoors writing an essay for most of it 
hate working when its sunny,boohoo 
Evenin' tweeties. Phew it's been hot! Not that I'm complaining. Walked 4 miles into town today and felt all hot 'n sweaty   Was nice tho.
Just hit the 3000 word mark for his Geography Notes, and I'm not even doing it for GCSE? Mean while I've done a page of history 
has dislocated her knee  *bad/painful times* gas + air and morphine are fun though 
@TinaBinaTooReal not funny he profiled my ass. Like wtf? I'm still kinda heated. Ugh 
@StylistaMunchee I lluuvv u too..  ahhh im gonna miss u evenn moreee! lol
can't wait to watch the Tonight Show, this evening last one with Jay 
I've got sunburn on my arm  In better news, my new Guitar Hero: Metallica game came and I beyond happy about that.
It's the weekend, its sunny..... and I got another puncture!!! 
@paulineee: I know!! Im so excited. We cant go earlierrr than the afternoon?  I love you tooz &lt;3
@ederyn Just bad day. T_____T Gyah. No car, baby-client is teething and miserable, I forgot to pack a lunch, and I has to get a new car. 
lif's unfair....luk wat it did to ma frend...i m so hating it 
Today has been a nice positive  fun day , after several weeks of bum days 
@LCPromotions  I doubt it! Boo! You always leave me behind on your awesome roadtrips!  
o ok..im jealous..i wish I was in bed 
@detrick Hey! So glad it's Friday but not happy that I just ate a bad apple 
So much for buying that awesome new phone from sony ericsson  - I am now Berry'd like everyone else...
Trying to stay upbeat while I wait to get my keys out of my locked car 
@ChristinaHz no wayyy, that's too funny.  well he sure is missing out, but ever since you left, i feel i am too  when is your next visit?
An hour of walking in hot weather = a satisfied but hurting Nellie.  Ow, blisters.  
ok its FF soooo why isn't anyone following MEEEE??? LOL ughhhh I have some lazy a%# followers they wont even help me out 
@grentone Content content content .... gah! Story of my life right now - thx for reminding me. That's what I should be doing v. Tweeting 
@Caroljs Warren has just died.. hannah has been killed.. and I'm gutted!!! I love warren (even if he is nasty!!) 
annoyed and overwhelmed 
@unmarketing Fun idea. But, if we saw how clothing would really look on the slouchy, would we buy? Think not.   People R buying the dream.
@CowgirlNChaps it would be so fun.  too much to do.  not enough time or money. 
Being bored is always so much more fun with a companion. Missing my bff alreadyyyy!!!! 
@melissa0616 yeah - stomach bug or something. Fever, etc. Not fun. 
Now I'm depressed again..ugh!!! HELP!!! 
@ShaniquaDenise You are sooo lucky. My fiance is away w/the Marine Corps...haven't even seen him yet! 
@FairyChica78 Aw, that stinks, I'm sorry. 
Ready for this saddenning depressing dullful upsetting dreadful weekend. 
HELP!!! I think @benmarvin is crazy funny and can't give him favrd stars  Please help me get him UNBLOCKED from favrd so I can star him 
@tsa4string Have fun at the show tonight... wish I could be there 
@memphianmallory Too traumatic to even discuss and none of yall are here!!! Everyone has left for the weekend. 
@SteveSerrano I adoreeeee Matt Nathanson!! I am so jealous of you right now. 
Im feeling so nostalgic. Im sad. But happy. I don't now how to feel. It's over, but not at the same time. It just feels over.  i love you.
@jovialhoney Can you guys adopt me? Yall are always doing fun stuff. Y'all take trips to Miami... we go to Arkansas 
@abraham not funny 
Everyone we have another hater  @WeHateMileyC
Working on this DAMN Financial project, Definitely not having any fun this weekend  , I want to spend it wit my BAAABY waaaah
@petewentz im so jealous. i want an octo drive 
@rizzzky he's retiring from the tonight show  im so bummed. he was awesome ha. AND CONGRATS MY DEAR 
@ptwaugh xbox broke  hope you enjoy playing 1 vs. 100. I was...looking forward to that. 
@eastcoaster1237 @funkydung  Doh! I'm an inside job LOLzor. 
@PaulMcGwinn i could really fancy a nap right now but i am at work at 7am and i feel that if i nap now i am wasting my evening 
@laurenglennon I's sorry  listen to some Bats or GD as you do it! [dude, I never got to tell you, but, BATS WERE AMAZING &lt;33]
Oh why does one of my monitors have to act up when I have a deadline?  Oh I'm an unhappy camper.
@KatieKilljoy I wanna play with you tonight  *pout, pout side face*
@sheenstar dont get too excited bby i hear thunder rolling in 
Not to thrilled about the marathon this sunday, they assigned me on the street. Less $$$ 
Dislocating your thumb= more painful than dislocating your toe. I was reminded of this today (thankfully, by my toe). Still feels weird 
so glad it is friday  two classes, then lazy afternoon. too bad it isnt nice and warm out today 
@devon_leigh u know wut devy dev it sure does suck havin no ID!! My weekends r gone miserable for 3 weeks so drink 4 me plz!! 
Enjoying sunshine in the park with friends, pale shirtless footballers are not attractive I'm afraid 
Allergies suck... My eyes r even mor red than they were b4.  I think I'll stay inside 2day
@shecango9984 I knnnowwww I'm so upset!!! I was going to twitter u but my sis's apt is like a led box nosignal! Where was the cookout??!! 
Work is MAD blocking sites! No fun  but they aren't blocking facebook, twitter &amp; youtube 
wants to go out and enjoy the weather but is tired and stuck in bed 
@TomGriffola Not a fan of the Bulmers, but the Magners pear is AWESOME, I want slush puppy though!  #Hurryup #classy #omgimpatient!
I'm such a saddo, haha. But that actually makes me really happy. Warrens dead though 
@tattoos1985 is it seven yet? 
@TarQuianHesa Yeah they are! So stop making fun of me! I gotta get new ones 
Very happy that @pricy landed safely, I miss her already  http://myloc.me/205R
uploading PCD onto my iTunes xD i used to have it but certian events caused me to lt sadly 
Glad it's Friday... but bummed that I am officially working Saturdays. 
this thing was more fun with my itouch 
Sorting out Twitter issues....very frustrated that you can't talk to someone and they respond slowly to issues - capacity the challenges 
Lucy has an upset tummy and sore leg  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/182397
@rinaswag I think she'll probably have the baby before I get there unfortunately 
@chirocindy Don't tease me! I'm in desperate need of an adjustment. 
@megpriley I am sorry I never got back to you about going to Vegas this weekend, when you asked me forever ago.  Have fun and good luck!!!
@bhufford: I've got a fairly flat route available... the problem is I no longer have a fully functional bike to ride 
@lost_in_a_story Glad I'm not the only one. He's our baby, and I'm terrified he'll think we're never coming back. 
@TrueVisionDubbz OMG! that wasn't funny.. LOOK at his face in the pic.. OMG! that made me sad! BAD JOB MIKE!! wtf?? .. poor K O B E 
I'm way to hungry to even think. I can't go to work on an empty stomach like this 
@DJMagic aww i'm sorry!! I was rushing around on my lunch break so I didn't even think of it!! 
...what ever happened w/ creating music in collaboration just for fun without the &quot;what am i getting out of it&quot; question in mind? PLEASE! 
dad's posting got postponed ONE HOUR before he was meant to leave. either going to afganistan or NOWHERE. i'm sorta happy  but he's gutted
10 more minutes and i never have this class again. Its kinda sad cause this class is so fun 
Well dinner was disastrous my uncle lashed out at me for no reason he just told me to shut up ! ?? Confused since i wasn't even talking 
just got home from a long day at asda. joy 
Math was not fun at all. Oh well, i get to cook as soon as i get home. 
@YasmineGalenorn depressed that both of those are already out but yours isnt. I want your book!! 
it's been so nice all day, and now it looks like it's going to rain...just when i was getting excited about taking photos when i get home 
spending most of the weekend working.. that doesn't even sound fun 
Tiggerk is still having upset tummy issues  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6823131
@BeateVeronica I'm jealous - I would love deer steak. One of the downsides of having an almost vegetarian and a carnivore living together 
@joelogic Wish I could be there too!  Enjoy your weekend! xxx
@HarleyRodrigue hey Harley, I hope you stay around and not let the haters get the best of you!  people suck!
Packing is no fun at all  good thing I have the new united on to keep me going... But still no fun 
Ow... My shoulder muscle (I can't remember the name :p) hurts... What did I do?  I don't even know
Why am I so tired?????? Whyyyyy make it stop. Merm is not going to be fun tonight. 
doesn't know what to do this evening &amp; is D R E A D I N G work tomorrow  it sucks.
@BSBTwitt U SO funny but u right! I like BSB but Im not as fan than U I love much better Tupac &amp; TLC..2 bad they're not singing anymore 
@MrExclusive1 I'm jealous...i need 2 escape 2, lol. 
Only things left to do are to sweep and mop, load up the van, and go out and have fun tonight. 
Life Just Isn't Fair &gt; And I Feel 
@bhamboxset I saw them at a show a few weeks ago.  Hate to say I was not all that impressed    fun. and AS were good, though.
Started the week with a wedding, now ending the week with a funeral 
Today more sore than surgery day. Glad I took extra sick day.  Full recovery expected after 6 weeks.  Calling lawn service firms today 
@3Alexx It is AMAZING!!!  Its gonna get scratched sooo much though  Lol. I have 4 movies and 30 TV Shows on it already!! 
@cowmage  read something happy?
@babblingbrookie Try being in AZ again brooke, Omg you cant even be outside for less than a minute before getting your neck burned. 
@thatchmaster i miss that place, but miss wegmans even more. whole foods != wegmans 
@willisface you know you want to come keep me company whilst mum's at her friends for the night  it's such a nice evening!
@1jaredPADALECKI 5 seasons that's it? Sorry just noticed in ur previous update. My sis isn't gonna be happy 
is in mourning that he is having to miss the homesssssskooooler fair today!!!  
Off to Nanaimo 2day... missing my son already and i havent even left yet 
ah seriously i dont even work with children some how i am still sick!  groundhog friday just got worse.
Funerals are no bueno 
Can anyone eat a Hot Pocket and be completely satisfied?? Not me. 
Friday night is never as fun as it should be when you have work on Saturday morning 
@omar10points haha calm down. Youll get ur shades. I'm still sick tho. So I'll prolly knockout after 
@PBsAlienGirl  Happy Belated birthday hun!! My net broke  This is the first chance i've had to get online! Luff Yooooooo xxxxxxxx
@chrisbrownweb Hope Ye Got Dem; Ur Site Is Amazing, I Got On Everyday; I Tryed My Own, &amp; It Failed  Lol,
@cacaubrazil that's not great  guy related??
we need to have a haters ball today like on dave chappelle,,,,, man I miss those days on comedy central the new episodes 
@TiffanyCastillo muhaha martha &lt;33 have fun see uu next mnth 
@euginis did you have fun last night? we didn't see you. 
@AbelPetSupply LOL! No trialing...for the most part Florida trials come to a screeching halt over the summer.  Have fun this weekend!
Its so sunny outside, and I have no one to go out and play with 
@deeliciouz Even without the dressing they're still over 500 calories. I love that flatbread. 
@MelissaPan awe yeah, it's more fun revising with others but you get distracted easier &gt;.&lt; yeah I'm tired, revising history 
Ugh, I don't know if U even care about Nicole Richie, but I do and C that I missed her on TV last nite despite the twitter  @JennOrtigoza
sick  and HAPPY 13th Amanda
@MelissaPan aww yeah, it's more fun revising with others but you get distracted easier &gt;.&lt; yeah I'm tired, revising history 
@twinnadryl   .''?????''.  i bet. man i wish i coulda went some whr. i didn't even go out here. i was home all weekend.  nyt life sux here
@bardicus i gotta say, i'm a little jealous 
@lancearmstrong any chance of seeing you at a race in germany? unfortunately hardly any tv &amp; news coverage of cycling here anymore! 
@jasonridge1 you're in harlem? where? im so jealous right now! i miss living in nyc! 
The morning forcast on the radio was partly to mostly cloudy -yay vog-  stay inside and have a HAPPY FRIDAY
is all alone for the evening! 
@cameo1172 i have 2 friends going  so jealous 
always excited for a new chapter in my life. just didnt expect it to be so emotional. 
I read some pretty awesome web comics today. And there's nothing really good on woot today  http://myloc.me/20gf
@neudesigns MCM is still my next main event.  I'll be happy to get back running soon.  Still run-less for 10 days.  
FANTASTIC week in London but ATROCIOUS 8 hour journey home 
@PvtMarcus I always choose to be a good guy, even if I know its only a game, i feel a bit bad doing evil things 
Bitter sweet moment... Want to leave but have nothing to go home to... 
@heykim WOOW that's harsh!  I'm so sorry to hear that 
@NewJourney09 Hey! How u feeling? I know Charla hit me to see there were any places she can go..too young  Did she have fun?
@innonate @juliaxgulia Can't figure out how to reply on Tumblr sorry! I don't get into NYC until 6/4 so I can't go to any events b4 then 
Not a happy camper  not having a good day at all...
@shinobistalin lord tariq hasnt been relevent since 98 
bored out of my mind. I guess im paying the price for having so much fun yesterday. 
@BrooklynDDecker twice? lucky you. i havent even watched it once. just released here today. 
@TheHebrican can we trade weather? it's all gloomy today in la. 
just broke a vase that i didn't even get a chance to use 
@jennhoots Well let's be blessed together then too! Yes, I feel better, but I would be sick again though if my little was spared. 
@DR I'm SO jealous- it's pouring right now 
@Bri51NY Awww  that's no fun, did you take something?
@Shan_Shan_West Im so excited to see u!! Its been forever  My lil Shan Shan gettin married!!  PS Did u really get a tattoo?? Lol
@ep31 well twitter doesn't even work from my phone anymore 
Had wonderful company and a not so bad salad today at McDonalds for lunch. Now headed to my doctor's appt. booh hiss! 
Ahhh i'm sqeaky clean and fresh. Even though i'm wearing dirty clothes  I love Two and a Half Men - it's amazing!
Not eating funnel cake at Mag Fest is what I am doing 
@backstreetboys I'd love for Nicky Poo and Bri &amp; Howie &amp; Aj, to wish me a happy birthday  please please please please pleaseee guys..
Wants to go catch happy hour @sonic to get me a strawberry lemonade slush (@ameshaye put me on them)...but i dont have my car...super 
@Minicooperr yeahh! Ryland was amazing xD BUT I DIDN'T GET A HUG OFF HIM booo  Suarez seemed a bit off tbh..but I think he'd just woken up
Just eaten, and feel extremely bloated...  now for the not so fun part.
@shoemoney I'm more upset about the fact that 2010 is the last year 
R is going to be mad :/ Science of Sleep is missing and it's due back! I didn't even get to watch it! 
i wish that mcfly dream was real aha, i want tom to write in my action plannner  haaa, it would be awesome though ;D
@GaltsGhost LMAO shush. with my illness comes the joys of multiple mouth ulcers, and i think they are coming back  they JUST healed
had a great session canvassing in the sun... but now is miserable cus i have no1 to go to the pub with 
@kurttheobald No problem. Unfortunately, I think it was just something I had to sort out on my own. 
wtf?! my tweets aren't posting   super excited about the weekend! &lt;3jfg.
Had some fun in the sun,, Im not seeing my tan yet though      I want chocolate!
@Bunny90san ooo... No I believe they've all closed down, even the ones at the airport 
Is anyone else having a bad Friday? Is not a fun day today. 
@ankita_gaba Our bids gone to waste? @Shadez won't even give us a look  #twpp
Im so tired. And its so gloomy  what happeened ro summer?
Fever of 103. Awesome. My tonsils are so swollen I can't even eat solid food. Still on location  the pictures rule though
O'Charleys? Pretty good. Especially when its free. Hot waitress? I think so. Back to work? Unfortunately. 
what the fuck...ahaha i hate my life sometimes. why reply on only bad things  ..even if it wasn't bad and i was kidding but whatever! fml
The most painful sound in the world to me is the crying of someone I love. What's worse is I can't even hold them and say I'm sorry 
gonna do laundry....never did laundry @ a hotel before.....I miss you R.....even though you ignore me and don even check on me.... 
@modulista You're in Miami right? I don't see a hand delivery in your near future unfortunately 
I'm so depressed right now. IDK... 
Just realised i am a very angry person in georgia. Too groggy and uncomfortable and i still haven't driven! 
So glad its friday! Only 1 week of schol left.  im glad its almost summer though.
@jonjordan w00t! Glad to hear it! Though I am missing watching it outside the Igloo by a day 
@mileycyrus&quot;i wanna go to prom one day   &quot;i wish U can go with me 2 my prom even though im not a guy.but thatwouldmake1of myFRIENDS happy
is excited about tomorrow!!! but i gotta clean the house  CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN AHHHHHHH
@jaycool2k I do want to go for Peaches... but also Miss Kittin, pendulum, chase&amp;status and the bloody beetroots! its not fair 
Ok so my sister is going camping I'm so mad because i have to work tomorrow      have fun
was so excited to eat the wartermelon i bought the other day and it was terrible and not sweet 
gah. how am i supposed to study when all i do is sneeze and get even more tired. 
grrrr, cant even enjoy this b-e-a-utiful day! have to finish that -damned essay for philosophy 
@bethanyNYC SO jealous...see if you can get some Dallas concert tix out of her...it's all sold out!! 
@tommcfly i miss so much the old animations... i really loved Hercules, from Disney. haha by the way, awesome show yesterday, guys.  Xx
I didn't make madrigals  I don't think i made womens chamber. i don't even think i remembered to mark it on my audition form. im depressed
@happyseaurchin It tells me I'm not a member of the private beta  and I'm not going to just start pretending to assassinate people 
@MysticRose01 awww...on ur way out  Have fun for me toooo!
@musecrossing it's not the 10.5% so much as the A)Sugar and B)Taste ... lord that'll put ya down, and not in the fun way 
@RedFaction The stream is amazing so far. Will it be up for download later, sadly enough, I missed the first hour of it. 
@sarah6800 why r y depressed?  i mite b moving earlyer than i thot
is wondering y Mother Nature is making my life miserable 
LOVE getting gifts in the mail from my very wonderful friends back home!! How I miss Myrtle Beach so much... A little homesick today 
Nana got moved. No more funny old woman stories 
Apparently TV could not be fixed  On the plus side, we are being refunded the cost of it and can buy a new one.
@cassieventura I know how you feel cassie my cat went missing 3 weeks ago still have him on my display pic miss him so much 
@Ziggy420 my friday feels boring too. no time for fun today and not so much in the mood for it either 
@EMPSFM I had to work and missed it    Shannon could barely contain herself.  She had an amazingly good time
Noooo my favorite coworker just got a new job, he's doing marc jacobs shows now, not fair! I don't want him 2 go! 
@AppleCharlotte unfair  I wanna go too.
Is it really almost time to go back to Chico? Im excited but at the same time going to miss home 
Is happy...Skool just let out..! Today was my last day..! Yippee! R.I.P Jackson Tyler Morris..! Always Loved And Never Forgotten..! 
@samluminate oh how i wish there were chick a filas by me  i'm definently jealous.
@CandiCunningham oh dear.. u serious? so how does one prevent bites??  I'm so itchy its distracting while editing.. *sigh*
The trip to Stockholm got cancelled  To make it up I'm planning to do some shopping tomorrow, nothing makes a girl as happy like shopping
@SPAMponesALL I have to work  but I'll just watch it later.. even though it's not the same.
Bah, tea and toast for me because my stomach is not happy   The tea is yummy though...
Gah, I'm jittery and upset for absolutely NO reason... 
M.I.A?PJ?Beasties?Thievery?Volta?Bat4Lashes?BandOfHorses? I enjoy this line-up: http://bit.ly/16lUgX Too bad it's in San Fran 
he keeps makingfun of my typos! 
amazing, my brand new PARI neb broke. go figure. and it's the weekend. looks like i won't be getting another one until next week.  *sigh*
@mileycyrus WHAT THAT'S NOT FAIR I CAN'T VOTE IT SAYS THE VOTING IS CLOSED  BUT I DID VOTE EVERYDAY WHEN I COULD VOTE LIKE 20X'S
unhappy about the news that the planned (experimental) ITER fusion reactor will become much delayed... 2025 
@courtneyreece I know how you feel. My head is getting stuffier and stuffier, and it is not fun. 
@thebeckyanne I'm giving my sis a show at my crib Sunday, she's an incredible jewelry designer, but you'll be gone 
whopee TGIF   that was more fun when i had a job
is fairly upset at the fact the twitter/bgt session will have to commence without Sam.. 
Happy 2 b out of school!!!!!!! People just piss me off sometimes 
happy and sad  may her soul rest in peace
@EricaMcGraw hi!! im glad you had fun at tennis! im about to go see dr dorfman   last visit though!!
last real seventh hour 
Dreaming about cuddling your lady and waking up alone isn't fun 
@ellyaway I know june 2010...  but its gonna be so good. Im going to se it even if im 20 when it comes out.
@contentwhore  lure her in with a foot massage!
@alltimebritt  why not now you made me sad I thought you'd be jumping for joy
Im in pain been stood on my feet for 15hrs  nursing is very hard but I love it and how gorgeous is this evening xXx
O dios acaban de tocar The Pains Of Being Pure At Heart en el primavera sound  life is not fair
absolutley gutted i am this ill when a) it's this sunny outside and b) i have shit loads of revision to do for my c) exam on tuesday 
@JNez I hear that, we've missed so many films due to insufficient fundage: Watchmen, Dark Knight, Star Trek. 
@sizzlemaker Happy Friday! Do u know how I can get a copy of the BT art u did on Mel's fake Twitter? I'm n it, but can't find it now.  THX
@iamdiddy @iambodie ....I hugged my hater 2day. Then told her its #nobitchassnessfriday!!! I'm now in trouble for cursing my mgr. 
@angie_z i cant even think about anything that smells like alochol  lol
@cupcake_rachel Home alone and my cat isn't even in. 
@LimeIce you didnt even send me a nice bid  #twpp
@HalestormRocks I wish y'all...unfortunately I won't be able to make it...gotta work my 2nd gig today 
CREDIT CARDS ARE NO FUN WHEN THEY ARE MAXED OUT!!!! 
NO ONE...THALIA AND FAT JOE----WTF IS UP WITH TERRI....IM NOT GETN NE FUNNIES TODAY 
@notdiyheather I LOVE fresh garden veggies...especially tomatoes!  We are in a tiny apartment, with a non-sunny patio!  
Brad Paisley+Alison Krauss- Whiskey Lullaby...so sad  but its awesome!
@suzanella I missed mine, too. Not fun... 
frustrated. I just found out our sitter isn't avail. tonight. now what? no TKD test 4 me I guess  good thing I'm married to the instructor
@LmdLaura im fine. but a bit tired  im glad that its weekend now.
Aarg, looks like I have to go home to Vegas this weekend. So much for Maker Faire 
@LiverpoolMich funny you should mention that. I have a full unopened jar of nesscaf' on my cupboard. But no milk 
happy that Google Wave is trending.  Can't watch the video for it... certain flash videos are blocked by my company's network.  
@KristenSavage  I knew it! I use to love that show too  Happy weekend to you too!
excited to see &quot;UP&quot; for Logan's Birthday in 2 weeks. Sad he wont have a party bc he doesn't know any kids, tho. 
@SU2C unfortunately I am stuck at work so I can't get said prize 
@vlynn8 It's been raining the past few days but it was actually sunny today! Well, for a little while. Now it's super cloudy! 
Well, of course the envelope I have for the book I need to mail is too small...if it had fit....what fun would that be. 
@sidrajalil1132 why were you even asking others then  you should have been enjoying the sadness of missing it like me.
Follow @Mz5thAve cause she really shop there!!! Even though she don't be showin love no more 
Ahh its so gloomy out  I'm pretty sure I just heard thunder eeeeeeek.
@therage comes to you. when is your atl show jljf i swear you will have fun they're so much fun 
@BonDean Sad thing is that I wanted to work there for years, it was my dream job. Was crushed when I saw how crappy it was. Still bitter 
It was sunny when I entered the sub-basement.  Now it's raining.  
@awaisnaseer Cover the tomm. event baby! Id like a live blogging on it 
...return my joy cos I'm so  Tired, tired of me Inspire the weary eyed to see the Ire and Irony... 
@crystalchappell Have a wonderful weekend at home! Good day today (it's Friday!), but no Otalia today (*tear*)  Lots of love to you!
Doctor then work. Hope you bitches have fun at the conditions show without me 
@nick_carter Wish me happy birthday? my eyes are tearing 
@retrorewind Dave thanks for playing Happy Birthday from NKOTB. Today is my bday! It is a lonely bday today. 
@acrossthemoat are you kidding me?! that looks incredible!!! Lay out and swim a lot for me, stuck in the cold NYC 
My throat hurts bad.  tonight is going to be fun.
i feel like a fish. im in a big glass car dealership looking out to a world of people walking by having fun in the sun  and im stuck here.
@LeighanneReena Gosh...who's doing this??? So bad...  Baylee is a blessed child...these people don't know what to do... Kisses
WHY DO I EVEN TRY... WHEN DEEP DOWN INSIDE I KNO THERE PAIN ON THE OTHER SIDE 
My dog is officially depressed that my brother's dogs are gone. He doesn't want to go outside and when we did, he play half-heartedly. 
sooooooo NOT happy, wattching disney channel....rubbish rubbish rubbishhhhhh, didnt get my jonas 3d poster  the dude wasnt there but im..
im very tired,bored and sad.what a great evening! 
not going out with them. there is another fatty i like and hopefully ill see him in when i'm in cali in 8 days. if hes not upset with me. 
pop, idk how to reply to ur tweet from my phone  lol but yeah my bday is in a few days. soooo excited!
Waiting for Raimi's new horror flick Drag Me To Hell. I'm really excited for this! Too bad it's not in #amcmain in KC 
really am sorry becauseI was looking forward to it.. thought itd be fun  and u wanted to hear it.Iowe u a beer.
@SapphireElia If its sunny go to the beach! Im stuck at home doing essays when its 20 degrees 
@mattiej Sorry ur so swamped w/ work!!  TGIF!!! Glad #Pens play Sat &amp; Sunday!! 
@Handroll That didn't work, unfortunately. 
House Hunting was a PAIN! House Shifting is a SUPER PAIN!! Packing never seems to end  I can't even Imagine Unpacking :-P
not going out with them! there is another guy i like and hopefully ill see fatty when i'm in cali in 8 days. if hes not upset with me. 
@crystalchappell Jealous.. stuck here with Ohio sun  Safe travels...
@__SANDY i dont know! they sent out emails using my account about random stuff i didnt even understand i changed all my passwords 
got an email from my auntie bout fathers day... mothers day w/seven moms but fathers day will consist of 2 dads    #realitycheck
I've been to Best Buy &amp; Target and still no Electrik Red album! I'm loosing hope..they've never even heard of the girls 
@Dougiemcfly  ive got a cold too... It sucks  and u were awesome in ipswitch xD
fun times. just broke my usb stick.. like literally broke it..  
@MrsKerryKatona glad 2hear it kerry!!! didnt know u were on gmtv this morning &amp; i missed it! 
@dabusStop thats terrible  I enjoy being with you every minute!
haha aww ok now back to bionomial expansion  ugh! joy
Twitter has spoiled all the fun. Frustratingly slow!!  couldnt even bid properly!
Working.  I can't wait till 4:30. Funeral on monday. 
oh no! my fun weekend with friends is gone! my mother has made a family weekend of it!  Damn 
Good thing is: They have a computer. Bad thing is: It blocks ALL VIDJAGAME SITES! Yes, even VGTribune.com is blocked! 
@rockinbobyn That movie looks VERY cute, and funny. I never get to go to the movies. 
@execbp mmmm now you're speaking my language! (Unfortunately, in militant diet mode-am seriously thinking of  competiton-so no TB I guess 
Editing video in the van. I'm a little hungry and depressed that I didn't see Up yet. 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/5ut6j - aww  he must be an amazing brother!
in a bad mood now  annoying when its sunny
The little wormy from labyrinth sadly passed away today but its ok as hes still around in a happy ghost form aww  http://twitpic.com/67aim
@OfficialMelB Happy Birthday Mel. We miss you in the UK 
is reminiscing about this time last yr when she was @ the BH2 listening to some awesome music! Shame it can't be repeated 
@JeremyBeguhn have fun without meee.  i'm going to missss youu
@kinahboo imma miss dem KObe nd Bron commrcials wen cleveland get knocked out doe  they wer funny
I plead temporary insanity for agreeing to a metric century cycling event tomorrow.  
@eprussakov oh' unfortunately not 
I'm dreading hearing even worse news tonight 
omg...did I just see a tweet from Miss Bonnie??? amazing...my phone died yesterday...and oster has alltel  I miss you
gosh today sucks! i didnt get my tax returns! im so upset cuz now i have to miss my best friends wedding in washington...lame 
@tommcfly maybe you could go outside to meet some fans?  im not even from sao paulo, im from rio, but.. idk, just saying :/
@marcosrivera08 I am very angry at this information Marcos!!!!!!  
Yum chocolate sorbet! She barely even shared  http://twitpic.com/67azl
ugh, i was so hungry i scarfed my lunch before i even thought to take a pic.   #feastfriday
@stephenfry Tinkered with open-source Virtualbox &amp;Win7 yet? Would've loved to have seen you @ Hay. Always unfortunate timing for students 
Feel so depressed that I couldn't save it... Thanks for nothing! 
@tommcfly say hi to me, i'm depressed cause i cant see you 
@mattdavey2 not happy 
Ummm I'm really f*cking annoyed that my computer won't let me get on facebook. every other site known to man--yes-- facebook-- no 
dammit - I slept in; now I have even less weekend to enjoy  - off to Azeroth bbl!
id be happy thats its friday if i didnt have to work tomorrow  blah
@CaitiCaitlin I know but unfortunately I'm one of the fifteen bazillions of Americans without health insurance.  awesome
@SheilaRod but but it was funny when I wrote it 
Very annoyed by my braces. Cheek is all cut up and can't eat 
@ZuriEventsLLC aww I wish the same thing... 
is still pretty depressed about losing her hello kitty necklace 
@Mellecita oh nice! i'm jealous!! i don't know what i am going to do when they are all gone! 
@marieeeeah yeeaaahh! even though i suck at twittering 
@AskCarrieLee CVS is that like a genetic brand?Poor you,my hubby gets bad allergies..no fun! 
finally home and enjoying the rest of my day. Azongo and I are having a smoke-fest! woot! #mmot miss my @MorganLeigh321 
@barmak9 Shiraz event was in an 'anti-bahai' center.not in a mosque or in election campaign.Sadly children wr involved in zahedan 
@Kat_04071991 haaa awesome! i remember my brother got given woody, and i got upset cause i got buzz  but then i got both of them lmfao
Still can't find my id and is going to be very VERY upset if I can't go out with my deltas tonight 
ughhh. i think my plans are ruined. i was excited too. 
Not happy 
NEW YORK DOLLS TOMORROW NIGHT @ THE DEPOT CANCELLED   REFUNDS AVAILABLE AT POINT OF PURCHASE.
@Flesheater what happened to @sodarnhappy? where did she go? 
FRIDAY so freakin happy today was an annoying day  buuut WEEKEND! TGIF&lt;3
@Clubpenguinfan3 I guess that boner story isn't so funny I've had TONS of boner moments like that unfourtantly 
Looks like it's going to be a upset for Venus 
@QuiMo No happy hour in CCP eithah that's 2 bad 
@Dingo which case? I got a new one last week and I'm not thrilled at all with mine. 
@Leod_UK Argh Twitter didnt post my replies and tweets for ages  Aint up to much just enjoying the sun! 
im not happy   my ipod or laptop dont know whih but one has decided to refuse to let me sync my songs :'( how can i live without it :/
Home from Jack's now, can't say I'm too happy about that either 
Aww what a sunny day! Tasty barbeque with the family (: Got bad sunburn though 
@remiransom i wanted to see that.  enjoy it!
back from dinner w. my family. i'm not meeting christine anymore  sunny weather tomorrow and a day out &amp; about. i want red bull!
someones dead on army wives. Dad just laughed and Mum got annoyed with him. I wanna watch Britains Got Talent 
If you followed us recently, PLEASE dont be offended that we haven't followed back. We hit our limit.   Hopefully we will be free soon.
@MichelleVo omgggg!! Hawaii!! That's amazing!! I wanna live there 
@lvlyfairygrl i would say no bc its so overcast  but if it gets sunny again then yes!
@tommcfly hey tom, i'm happy that you're enjoying brazil, but i'm sad cuz i'm not goin to see you in your show 
Missed the UPS guy again! Ugh so sad  But i got some cool stuff today that i'm super excited about! And looking forward to tonight too 
walking back 2 wk. Its a beautiful day. had 2 njoy it b4 it rains 
With bff @love_chrissy22 glad she got that dog out of here lol my stomatch hurts 
depressed; my best friends pissed @ me 
I'm feeling so frustrated...I just can't get things to work!!  
@beeank haha its awesome i always have to use it when i eat 
@brenna_boo jealous  can you add 'and I really wish nicole was here..but we all know what she's really doing' to that tweet?
enjoying a fresh mango bubble-tea slush   but still at work 
@MyInnerBitch I can't @FakerParis has blocked me.  I can't even request  
@tyefighter I had to sell guitar hero with ps3 to fund splitting with ex 
@FTSKirstin im depressed like so baddddd. 
@MandyPandy32  awww for me I just think she's tooo young or just not ready for it - tis painful to watch her so upset 
 ok bye alex have fun today
@clairemcs i dunno if he saw it  happy birthday girl!
My last full day of even day classes. I'm a little sad 
@Littleradge  I'm not even in your situation and now I'm sad. I'm sorry, that's really sucky.
@IMjustDaNNi Awww thats not fair to me. Now im a lil sad 
@SOREALCRU its Gloomy in LA no sun  but its nice
@genejm29 I spoke too soon  Still a nice evening, but lots of broken cloud coming in from the south.
Plan for this evening: dinner, shopping for dress shirts, watching Up, going to bed. Plan for Saturday: Funeral for a friend... 
Man tha mojitos from earlier got me feelin type funny. Hope I don't get sick  http://myloc.me/20DD
@jcubed1 totally agree, but she always seems to be henpecking John, even before the cheating thing 
@genglo ouch! I can't even look at that one, just knowing it exists it enough for me 
@mitchelmusso  imnot aloud to call you!but i think your awesomeily!xx
stuck in anniston, mississippi. because we got in a car accident :\ now im scared to drive  boy drivers ed should be fun this summer D:
In an office on a Friday evening 
Enjoying a beautiful day off by hanging around the house. Pam is making a cake, but she won't give me any 
@randiellen03 Nofair! My BK only had Uhura and Nero left. 
Checking out Twitter Trying to find people I know....Unfortunately no one I know uses this website 
@martiningram that's a brilliant idea! only one buzz though 
@AngySTHB  Its not funny. The bump's not going away.
Yrbook signing w/ evryone was fun, I'm gna miss evrything 
@stoya limited web access? i thought europe was a lot more &quot;connected&quot; than we were. regardless, have fun, i've never been to europe 
Hav fun at heav y Metal happy hour you guys! In the future @staygangsta accadentally sets it on fire while smoking with @grayblue 
@idmoore Enjoy your day too! Prob see u up top of Glyders. No pint for me, gotta drive straight back as we've got Dog stuff to do Sunday 
Im so angry right now .. today im not doind nothing and all my classmates yes  ,i think i will stay with my friend Mr.Computer .. hope not
I hate sitting at the doctors office! They told me she is running an hour behind! AWESOME 
@under_control aw babyy i'm sorry  i gots too excited, haha. &lt;333
Had a great day...but slightly depressed.  I don't know what I am going to do.
just back from my youngest's Kindergarten graduation. Grateful my mom saved me, she had a gift for my son, I didn't think of it 
@jennifalconer WOW never seen him before , he's bloody awesome , I think bcoz George won last year however could be bad for him  x
&quot;The things, you say, your purple prose just gives you away&quot; what the hell is that even supposed to mean? Casino: where music goes to die 
hypervenilating cuz i just watched keith urban's new video!!!   trying to calm down and im realizing how far away august 13 is!!!!  
I got excited when I saw a bag in the place cookies usually live (when I get them). Unfortunately it was just my new prescription 
@kennethlim working on a logo &amp; I keep getting click happy  Its me, not photoshop I dont they have a &quot;stupid stop clickin&quot; in ps do they?
@rosieeejones sorry  i dont think her crying was fake, i just dont see why she was...and i dont think its fair she gets another chance...
Gutted. The kitchen is empty literally EMPTY. No even kidding. I'm so hungry 
@hannahbananalee talk about drool - the Canon EOS 5D Mark 2 is *amazing*.  Too bad it costs $2k...  http://tinyurl.com/63qoz4
shack idol today(: can't wait. it's gonna be funnn poor cameron. he fell ON A BAR in speech today. i felt so bad for him 
going to work soon and so excited!  ugh id rather pluck my fingernails off 
Annoyed 
enjoying my couch for the last time 
I keep receiving beautiful pics of the beach from @Charleymagne while I'm in my office working...getting bitter 
is bak in mcr....glad i can sleep in ma own bed 2nite yeyah...but i fink i,m missin popeye  hopin 2 c him 2moz  xxx
or even NOOOOO NOT THE SECRET NAMEREBECCA PLEASE 
Today is 777 days until LeakyCon 2011. Awesome number but I wish it wasn't so far away 
@Critic6881 lady thinks shes watching scrubs... delusional.  shes bailing on our plans 
Damn just spent a week whole of pay on shopping  oh well i'm happy!!!
@ohmyseven @valerie2776 I don't have a subject line on my phone...  just normal texts.
What's with the gloomy weather? The sun must be too tired to come out and play  heading to victoria gardens for some impulse buys haha
Even ARNOLD couldn't save the parks  http://bit.ly/WSM5J  - How is this providing jobs?
I have just been to see the Jonas Brothers 3D movie with @maze  was funny NO ONE else was there  hahah can't... http://tinyurl.com/magcwo
lots of Reqs today.... no fun 
@PaganVixen I was a kid during Tom Baker/Peter Davison. So I'm very much torn between the two. Tennant has been amazing, I'll miss him. 
Spent the entire morning in a meeting w/ a vendor, and my boss was not happy w/ them. Lots of fun.  I had other plans for my morning 
Going to the Plum for the Final Happy Hour of JA&amp;G...they are finally closing their doors. 
The pool is just not fun without Tim in it... 
@ItsBacker I refuse to get excited as I don't want to be let down  if it happens, as long as it's not between June 11 - 28 or I'd die
@miligosa how fun!! I like the beach, but I tend to get really dark fast. 
Dlukasrossi Lukas- your amazing wife, her updates are locked! Hard to convince people to follow protected profiles, 
is chilled out tonite, so cannot spew venom or write funny. Seems like these are the only 2 styles she has 
@gfalcone601 i felt so sorry for her. some people are being really harsh about her cos she was given a 2nd chance 
Maaaaaaaaajor headache. It's so gloomy outside!  Just gonna lounge today. Whoopiiiiii.
We're all a little upset cause Stephanie didn't bring brownies today. 
This is not a happy tweet 
@itsthegrape ROFL  Even if I kept insurance and payments under $300, Im still like.. meh. Good thing I applied for a day job pasy $2888mo
@tommcfly wishing i could be in s'o paulo for the show  but fortunately i went to the brasilia one! haha
@ToplessRobot those aren't even the old dolls...they are the new ones that look like sailor moon! 
@DarrenRuane Hey! It's so funny - I stopped to get a coffee on the way in and spilt half of it in the car! 
@pinkalici0us argh! color me jealous! That rain I asked for the other day still hasn't gone away 
A sweater, a sandwich and a hug sound so fantastic right about now 
@lizzerdrix I hate cottage cheese.  I even got some fancy stuff last weekend with lemon and berries...I could only eat half of it.
@UncleRUSH so unfair i wanted to watch it but up came a message saying &quot;this video is not currently available in your country&quot; 
@photogjack Yeah, the prices on the used market for Hasselblad are not even close to the way they used to hold their value. It's a shame 
@ashleytisdale you were great. just awesome. i was crying cuz i wanted to be there so bad 
@TwitMUGSHOT I'm like so upset with you.. haha.. you never told me the 411..  
@joshuawoodard happy birthday man! my ride to the wedding  i'll see you guys soon though. you play here JULY 27th!
@BrandFancier bitter?  why? *hug* xx
@purelynarcotic Ohh.. #twpp is falling silent..  I was waiting to track ur US version.. Next time maybe.. Btw sunny california sounds good
@chrisettefan yep. gotta go  man! i'll ttyl . . . eventually . . . sometime . . . in the future . . . hopefully . . . soon. ~ ~ ~
curled up on the couch like a question mark, mind like jell-o. ah, tis such a joy to be a woman 
So much for having a fun day off at the Brewer game... at home, sick 
@tinyraisins Im in so deep its disgusting. I would even take a LITTLE help. BUt alas i sense it will never happen . . . 
... lunch is no fun when you have nothing to eat. 
Have slept all afternoon and evening after getting back from NYC. Now feel bright as a button. Probably a bad move 
@paulmjohnston Oh I know. For a while they cancelled the 5pm Oxford to Paddington every Friday evening because of staff shortages 
@Mangowe You're welcome, I am off for some merry noddingtons myself soon. It's not even dark! 
@xoxobb11 you got it all done?? even the labs? thats all i have left to do. and i cant figure it out. FML 
Leaving L.A.  but had so much fun!
@Lakers Stu Lantz is awesome! I miss Chick Hearn tho 
Sooo the Children's Museum was closed for a fund raiser when we got there.  annoying
@TheRankinFiles to be fair, she was asking about mktg cd's, etc, but I suggested more and she never even emailed back.  
You can't even gift money away these days.  re: http://ff.im/3lqUx
I can't go out when my heart is home sick  even if it is my bday, family health comes 1st 
@tinytim2701 Can't go out this weekend, 12 hours of exams next week prevent it  Got my uni summerball next Sat though, should be good!
@iamyoushouldtoo Oh, I'm jealous (how surprising) 
@leathermartini Awwwh.    Sorry!  We'll be glad when you're closer to us, though!
@contentwhore Okay. I'm all out of ideas 
Holidays are now over - not fair!!  
@SidanArchion It's all over now...now I have to go talk to people in Melrose...cashier, registrar, etc. All those unfun places 
3OH!3 - Rich man is amazing, really can't be bothered for school on Monday 
@dollyblowflake Hi there.  I agree!  Small children should be running about happy, not breaking down in tears 
@KellyCombs  I'm bummed to miss you.   Hope you enjoy your writing conf. tho!
im depressed on this pretty day  Everyone either is doing something or CAN'T...bleh -.-
@OhBlee awww, that sucks  But they're so awesome when you get one, all squeeky and happy. I only have one left now though 
@MostTornBrain Agreed, the review process is unfortunately not a very fair one ...   #iphonedev
@gillianre  im not happy im emailin a complaint! haha il hav 2listen again on sunday 
@djknucklehead  no water park today? made me jealous looking at that pic 
@tinabby Got that right! And i know when I found out she wasn't coming i cried!  It really sucks but Im still happy she headlining  now!
AAAAARRRRGGGHHH! there is a huge spider in the towel pile, *cries* glad Kerbear isn't here  sorry mum cant bring the rest in 
@Blo0dsta1ned i know my mom is going up there monday with me to get it changed. i'm so upset 
I always want to be perfect. That's so hard cause I even know that it's impossible. ... 
Happy Friday Dance, no rain and I'm about outta here..till 2morrow  I sat the saturday morning shift, but its still all good
@Smokeroomsocial I'ma say you should smudge yourself before I start calling people given the malicious action we pulled the other night 
@xXHAZELXx Don't think you would be happy if you were... 
My grandpa just told me he feels useless. I said, &quot;Papa you're in your 80's, you just do what makes you happy&quot;, somehow I doubt it helped 
is so glad the weekend is here. Only one more week left of school with my kids. 
Late night fun with friend, and early morning wake ups make Zeb a very grumpy girl 
another long day..glad its the weekend..but still on call 
i don't even want to go to the store to get ice cream.  i wasted a cute outfit on... sitting on my ass on twitter!!
Smith/Amherst mini-reunion last night was fun- how i miss the old days 
@ProfessorSpork I actually envy you even though I've already seen it.  It was that good!  
I am so full.. And I haven't even eaten my meal yet 
The @Jonasbrothers 3d movie was amazing but a little to short  i wanted more!!
@TheSims2 aww BBQ? that's not fair  all i had was chocolate
sorry to tweet about BGT but poor wonderful crazy weird Greg  so not fair. the silly little girl is never going to cope. urgh. NOT FAIR.
@soapylove I saw that - unfortunately it happens to be on the same day as my high school reunion   I will have to catch you next time.
@aaronstewart try 5 5-drawer horizontal cabinets full of non-digital fun. The SEC &amp; FINRA make my job so joyful. Can't hire temps either 
Oh no! I just read they are going to do a remake of Girls Just Wanna Have Fun   Stop it hollywood-just stop!
@dressjunkie oh no!! don't be horrible  lol no but she was a better singer even if she didn't cry... don't u think? she made me cry haha!
@kadi707 RUDE! going cabin drinking without lizlove!  but im am proud momma that you finally learned how to properly TWIT
@hippiekat I AM WONDERFULLLL. i went to the ppooool. i forgot my floatiez though   
Watching QI on Dave - still quite bored! Not even Adam Davis can cheer me up.  And he's quite funny.
Sick at home and so bored  I want to get better already so I can enjoy being a college grad!
@jgullam  awesome! All deserved I'm sure. Miss the Crabs games 
@JasonJMikeMgmt ur taking tease lessons from the guys! No fair   LOL, oh well, we'll wait as patiently as we can!
@problogger I know, the suns not even up and ive been up for an hr. Tossa decided to sleep ON my side and cold nose me. 
@JDuckworth I'm so jealous! Wish I could join u. It's so cold in LA right now. 
Excited bout going out 2nite but bummed cuz im da designated driver. So no drinking for Angie! 
@SHELLiZAY hmmm Essense awards would be fun... but also pricy 
@DonnieWahlberg Mr. Ddub how bout' announcing a new date for the NC shows? please don't leave us out. i got my refund 2day for 5* 
@ProudKiwi missed you by 10 min, haha. went to sleep at 15 past, but had a major anxiety attack around 630 again. ugh.  boo
@jonasbrothers please nick, say happy birthday to me. my birthday was yesterday! 
#BGT should little Holly perform in tomorrow night's final? Poor little mite looked terrified. So brave and fantastic voice but scared 
@peacefullvegan I LOVE PD! So fucking good! I wanted to try something new...I give it 2.5/5 stars. It's meh. 
BGT was just amazing tonight, and threee amazing acts got sent home 
got my car back and excited/sad for the going away party I'm attending tonight. Dani is going back to Brazil... 
@Rhea_C hahaha i agree. im s glad Aiden won tonights show and greg should have got the other place 
@itslisali Too bad I can't come!  Enjoy urself tho.
@jonasbrothers pleaseeeee .. it was the only thing I wanted for my birthdayyyy!  please say happy birthday to me!
even though it's only 7am on Saturday morning, it feels like the weekend is already over. btw I'm awake because I had a bad dream.. 
is veryyy upset she cant go to hacienda tonight because the stupid nuggets game 
@3minds nope- dnt have wireless ne more  HATERS!!!! Ugh... Save me a copy so I can watch it...
THIS TWITTER SHIT KAN EAT THE GUN NOW ....AN I DON'T EVEN BE GOIN IN SMFH, OVER REACTIN 4 NOTHIN, I NEED 2 STAY STRONG 
wanted greg pritchard to go through     what a silly, sobby and hopelessly dull little girl hollie steel is?
Why would someone even do something like that, you gotta be pretty damn desperate for attention!!! lol poor keanu 
My dog is sick. I love that little doggie. He's usually so keen and happy, but he doesn't even want to go for a run in the forest today. 
Enjoying my pathetic tiny music collection, while rearranging my room. Still a little tired from shortening the grass, and that one frog 
@Impala_Guy Yeah unfortunately  The flight is most expensive.....the rest is not so bad - the flight is ca. USD 800 - 900,--
i don't feeeel good. :/ my head hurts. and i have too much homework to do.  schools no fun. :p hehe
frustrated by my stupid iPhone I need a blackberry!!!! 
@jonsedar I'm jealous. I have so let it slip what with the baby and all. Not sure I could even do a half right now 
at home. didn't see the Bloody movie, full booked  but Night at the museum was fun though.
@opalbonfante Wonderful! Let me know what you think. Not light reading 
@tvfanactic Jealous I wanted see that film 
why do i even bother anymore? Everyone is makin me feel like im a waste of space 
@bellware not an easy place for me to access   Task-based ux is something I've been thinking about. I'd like to hear the criticisms.
Why do i never get to see my paychecks? It's not fair, the second i get them they're gone! 
http://twitpic.com/67jq9 - i'm really missing this place  my grandparents are living there, on the calm country! but im coming to them ...
@ddlovato today &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it!! you're amazing &lt;33 please reply 
@jamieaiken919 *JEALOUS* I desperately wanna go shopping, but alas, I have no cash. 
Soaked in the rain in 30 seconds and I wasn't even hiking 8.4 miles with 2.5 miles in the rain like last weekend. 
Holy cow! Archie Andrews finally marries Veronica Lodge.This is not what I thought will eventually happen in my 6th grade  Awww...bad, bad
Feel hurt. in car. gonna watch a funny movie. someone talk 
maaaaan last night was a funny night! sad aswell tho 
Just ate at chipolte... Ate more than i usually do... Now i'm ew full... Not content full but ew full... 
it's sunny but i'm bored  sad call or text me
i'm kinda sad of being alone all the time i miss my brother  and my friends suck i mean no one has even called me in 2 weeks
@olivierlacan That's awesome man. Damn, I should of sent you an affiliate link.  lol. oh well.
@PreciousLittle so jealous 
Happy its the weekend...LOVE has knocked me down ya'll!!! 
what a day!!! motorways and trains noooootttttttt fun 
No fair tonight. Rain. 
@Gernika Had lunch at Bittercreek, they were out of Hopnoxious  Had Sweetgrass IPA tho, so all is still right in the world.
So jealous im not at asylum right now 
@ravefamous who will we make fun  of?!?! 
annoyed the #ppt didn't save my changes.  When I explicitly saved.  
Last 3 days of school....I'm sad but happy but anxious..... 
In a period of exams days are for study and nights for study and sleep... no funny time... 
@RaemonVip  I will. tell him I said happy birthday tomorrow too. is you talking about raymond?
@thefunkyfairy hiya, hows your week been?? just tried to DM you but your not following!  x
Some d-bag stole @Catfairbanks bike 
wow my grandma passed away....I'm too sick to even think, I know she's in a better place now 
@GrangerSmith Glad to know you guys got there safe. Have a great show tonight! Wish I could be there. 
@showingmyassets no happy hour for me today 
@SUPERRZAAAP i forgot the yardsale event! ooh how pity i am 
@themakelounge -- No fair, I want a sticker but I just moved away from London  
Im so excited about the MTV movie awards!!!  even though I won't be there   I can't wait to watch them on tv and I hope...
gymnastics time.  My last night for teaching Friday evening classes.   New summer schedule starts next week.
Annoyed  greg diddnt go through  i guess well done holly
@nataliejanette Im so jealous that Im not going to blogher 
@a_simple_girl @BuzzEdition I have to miss the festivities this evening.  Heading up the hill and won't have internet and no BB service.
@TheCre8ive  Glad you're ok!
@chrisstjohn http://my.barackobama.com/page/content/iphone but it no longer seems to be in the app store. 
ha im so glad it stopped raining.  my umbrella broke today 
Bout 2 Miss Mah Lakers Play 2day...  This Orange Box Is Fuckin Up The Rotation!.. Mah Real LA Fam.. Keep Me Posted!.. I LOVE HATERS 2!!
i miss the jokes and making fun of ppl and throwing ideas for songs, movies, and shows at eachother the most.  that'll never go away... 
@Itxi_Itx no credits for me unfortunately! 
I dont like this random gloomy weather 
plus it hurts seeing sum1 you love falling for someone else!  not even kidding im wellllllllllllll gutted. xx xx
Getting all annoyed cos this weekend's going to be hot. I'm bloody working 
Back from the gym! I'm no expert or anything, but I'm pretty sure I am not going to be able to move tomorrow, maybe even in a few hours!! 
@InLoveWithJonas Hey, I made us a house on the Sims! Oh and you have like a perfect balance and i'm always lacking stuff like fun etc! 
I'm feelin sad, depressed, lonely, unhappy all at once. Rwhats wrong with me 
work  I don't wanna go  excited fir Sunday though!
i have officially hit the wall, totally nonfunctionalproductive at work 
Trying to calm down kitten.  She is so rowdy.
probably going to miss Silverstone's race again this season in iRacing , so sad   this track is pure laser scanned awesomeness
@melroze90210 I KNO!!! im so sad! evry1 is leavin its horrible! im supposed to b happy for summer but i cant ima miss evry1! 
@captainflashman wish i could eat pizza, unfortunately it is forbidden here, only low GI, high iron stuff and lots of insulin injections! 
@chasingsunshine I am reassassing this boundry right now..  I really didn't mean to upset you. You know i adore you really.
@dummerboyk: psh...didn't even pay for me though 
Im worried, not in a happy place right now   Deadline for important discussion 1st June :/
@thomasfiss I love you Thomas.I will always respect and support your decision.and I'll miss you  but you're gonna do amazing things &lt;3 you
Gotta love nasty weatherrrrr. @kileyymariee so jealous ur at knotts 
@MaxLucado WGN in Chicago used to be the calm airing of ideas, but in the last 30 days they changed the programing to sound-bite shouting 
OMGosh! it's 79 degrees and I'm sweating and miserable!  what am i gonna do when i visit the ATX? need..AC! need...AC!
@RealJessicaAlba Is it true there won't be any Fantastic 4 sequels?  I wished they introduced a Franklin Richards character... will they?
Is getting excited for the weekend.......Or, hang on, i am going to be all alone   never mind, excitement lost
@BitterTea ugh but they are so unattractive! u might as well drink from a regular glass. i really dont like them 
Latest: Saw Animal Collective in Oakland and they were AMAZING! Now, I am trying to clean my room 
I h8 this weather!! It's the be gloomy &amp; rainy all weekend 
@misskristelle Love to but can't swing the 11 am  I would more than likely do an evening tweetup in the future!
pmg im very upset no just relasie hugh laurie isnt on  xxx ohh
Hoping I at least have fun 2nite.  Today was 1 horrible way 2 start off a birthday 
@natalienanci and i are desperately seeking @anberlin tickets for tonight, &amp; don't understand why cruel people are selling them for $200+ 
prom's today... i bought a ticket but im not going  cause i dont have a dress, my hairs not done, ect. sucks cause its gonna be awesome..
@Santiaggo that New Yorker cover was done on a iPhone &amp; I'm jealous that I do not have one!  http://myloc.me/21a4
@MuchMusic i saw the new cities last tuesday, amazing show! and won tickets for tomorrow's show, but might not be able to make it 
@Allierosen YAY!!! but im very sad, because i just got a flight in next weekend for my friends benefit  Have a wonderful time!!!
Okay so I'm trying to be happy and deal with my problems and my friends' also. Its hard 
@MC_Craig_G Hope your enjoying the money..it's looking real good to me right now 
made it into leadership, buttt i'm still not happy! how can i enjoy it without my best friend? 
Excellent the Suzaku 7 are back together  woop last episode  hope its a happy one i'm a sucker for these really lol shh
I wish the sun would come out...I guess it doesn't matter since I'm at work and can't enjoy it anyways 
I've recently gained this highly sad feeling when I say goodbye to someone who I won't see ever again. Even if I barely know them! 
@saryros haha.. yes, i'm jealous! i don't have money to do all that! 
@albanydia Not that funny! I wont jump 
@nzbeks word......funeral....just had one 2day 
@ChrisBrownWeb According to Bow Wow (his best-friend) Chris is not on Twitter, and doesn't want to be : / Because of haters probably 
im quite upset do I really look under 15 :| they must have thought i was 14 or something ! Whatt ! thats unfair 
@gabbyflyyy im so jealous! I want to go to ny 
@midsomerlover :O How comes you've seen it before we have  I'm so excited, I hope he gets a love interest soon, don't tell me if he does!
- Gig was awesome! Am exahausted and so dont want to revise  Boo Hoo!
@LucasCruikshank that doesn't sound like fun 
Ps BGT was both fab and sad, I thought Greg was awesome, sad he's gone but a child will always win in that situation sadly 
:'( big brother in 4 days! This means constant live tripe on e4 and no scrubs to fall asleep to! Not happy 
@LoriBartolozzi Oh  I'm sorry  I can't even imagine...although I know it will be reality for me soon 
Btw, I think I may miss my flight.  Sasha's gonna be upset. But traffic was horriffic. Pull for me, guys!!!
@stephenfry I'm afraid your comments on MP's expenses were hopelessly out of touch with the average person average salary. V.insensitive 
@heroesforsale That would have been fun BUT we were soooo TIRED yesterday.  Long day at the office. Just did dinner and crashed. 
Why does Urban Outfitters taunt me with amazing clothing that's way too expensive. 
I wish I had someone to enjoy a drink with outside on this beautiful evening. @lilracedevil we need to live closer to each other! 
Or this, for that matter: http://bit.ly/SS6Yp  So jealous. 
is sooo tired and too busy to tweet  im glad the weekend is here... yay 4 day-weekend 
Oh joy its gong to be a long weekebd... Yipee :* 
@portugepunk fun who did you go with??? Another park no invite!  LOL
@PositiveCities Hi Erin I had a dm to send you but u r not following me so Twitted prevents me from doing so 
@ChuysGirl708 good, I'm glad you got there!! I had no 1 to come talk a walk with  LOL. Me, Becky &amp; Holcomb are the only 1s here again LOL
Is bummed out...i don't have even one testimonial on Flickr. 
@JamieBolerjack still here unfortunately!!!! 
I actually got a bit of a tan today haha sadly will be working all weekend won't get a chance to enjoy the glorious sunrays boo 
@CameronMonroe_x Hey &quot;Cameron&quot;, I know it was amazing and I have sunburn too  So my mum isn't happy,, . &amp; my throat kills . . Still &lt;3 it
I wish I could go to the Love Music Hate Racism gig this weekend   I'm not in the right part of the world even 
I TRIED TO PUT A IRON ON , ON MY BOOK BAG AND I BURNT MY BAG WITH THE IRON LOL.. BUZZ KEEP MAKING FUN OF ME  ... (BASTARD) LOL
 tried to do something funny on twitter but failed. 
 i may cry damn this weather got my ass burnt (nt literally jus my shins arms n chest) legs hurt lyk a biatch  slightly enjoy it tho ha
REALLY want to go to Maker Faire tomorrow but I am SO SICK.  #makerfaire
@AHisme  it sucks big time. I am in Sheffield till Sunday. I don't think I can pretend to be happy and smiley anymore.
@Sam_Fenton i didnt even finish cleaning my room cuz i went to a party ahhhh  ITS STILL MESSY
@AJAG Lol, well have to make sure website works on IE!  And for this region, even on IE6!  Adsense preview tool only on IE for some reason
Today was not an inspirational photography day  #photography -  http://twurl.nl/jnizbw
I am sad because I broke my super-awesome giant paper clip I was using for my Italy notes 
@MidgetheMutt voting for you Hope you are voting for me I am now a white blank with my name  mr Twitter and Funniset
If you're going to actually read them you have to at least sign up  no fair!
@DanielJUK awwww  nsty when ppl make fun of someone &amp;  laugh their asses off; when the see ur not laughing that shoud be a HINT! Wrong 
Tryin to figure out how to direct message and is gettin frustrated 
@bethontop Didn't even reply to me about how old you are tomorrow? 
im getting really spotty and my spots ALWAYS scar... and NO its not because i pick them, even if i dont,they scar- FACT  my skin sucks
@LadyHaych Totally agree, she wasn't even as good as the judges said wither! Just said it to make her feel better 
dinner smells good...man i'm hungry. so sunny outside, wish i was at wonderland 
@kiks956 aww  i hope u find it soon i miss it. i cnt even use my cam w/o it, memory's full. plus i wanna take it 2 SA this commin weekend.
@coollike Sounds awesome, wish I could go but no way I could afford it   Have fun!
Wow I really need to have fun tonight now 
today i was so happy got i got off school early, but now i'm bored!! 
@Janelliebeans I don't even remember what's on there!!! 
Frustrated with life on a whole new level  Trying to trust God in all of this.
@awesomeann7 well u weren't around 2 twit 
Its Gloomy as Fuck outside Ewwwww 
@kingivn Have fun amorsote even tho u forgot my bday 
@cosmicgirlie Car not happy, big big dent in boot! Hoping theyre not going to write it off, crossing fingers and waiting 
@kingivn Have fun amorsote even tho u forgot my bday which is today 
@meg_la_mania  it worries me: we read nasty stories about murder, paedophilia and disfigurement and only get upset about animal cruelty.
PERFECT SHOW TO YOU! enjoy for me 
show was amazing. so cold out now  hope I can give victoria my card and get my dvds back ;) ha
@hoperana nigel really enjoyed it, but he's got a big scratch on his side that inexplicably appeared afterwards... 
Sunburn is not as fun as I remember 
No clubbing for me this weekend due to a busted knee  &lt;emo&gt;Life's unfair&lt;/emo&gt;
@Sarawkweird I think that's pretty awesome. I could quote LOTR:ROTK for one summer, but now I can't anymore. 
@joyzaphine Ouch! Sunburn's bad! Hope it's not to sore on your bedding, that's always the problem. 
@saraxmazing ah! NFG were super amazing! Jordan is 'pretty legit'!! Can't stay longer 2 meet everyone cuz we hv 3 hour drive home! 
@BoomKatt  i want more but its just so bittersweet lol
@selenagomez I hope you had fun in Canada  don't worry you'll see then again this summer,
@TferThomas so did you watch?  I'd forgottenmost of it, enjoyed re-seeing it, but paying for it today, my face doesnt bounce back anymore 
@zanelowe I love wearing my hood too, even though in Portsmouth I usually get terrified looks from pensioners when i do 
http://twitpic.com/67ot5 - the most amazing decoration of a store i've ever seen... &amp; it's almost been 2 years 
#millsthemusical  @lauzzaa i hope you've listened to some of these songs, they are so funny :L. i still haven't heard about ticks  x
bored bored bored! wish i had something to do tomorrow, especially with the weather we're to have!  not fair
I feel bad over everything..  How can I be so stupid? Why was I so harsh? Its my fault, I know it. I'm sorry SaVvy, love you guys&lt;3
so upset 
Seems really quiet tonight...am jealous of those who are clearly having a more exciting life than me   Off to bed I think...
@joshjnap I'm honestly incredibly upset we couldn't make it. Devestated even. We would have lost a whole travel day and it just sucks 
@jaykpurdy awww poor jayk. :[ try to make the drive fun.and eat something soon!have a great show tonight i wish i could go,i live too far 
Mom just &quot;he'd&quot; me. *sigh* She's wonderful, and it was just a slip, but you'd think after coming with for my surgery it might go away... 
av ad a realy gd day wiv Ciara Connolly at  park gate west kirby and new brighton.. fukin funny bt sunburnt.. luks like drivers arm 
@thirdgradehater this traffic is ridiculous im may not make it 
listening to revenge by kiss to get inspiration... i don't think kristie is really digging it though  
Trips are soooo not fun when you're sick 
Why does it matter who marries who as long as youre happy....i find it so wrong to say ok u two can marry but you cant 
MY BEST FRIEND IN THE FUCKING WORLD IS MOVING AHHHHHHHHHHH wat am i 2 do im not a happy camper 
@snuffdigital awww  well I am here...just in case...I am not like THE PERFECT FUNNY FRIEND but I`m here hehe
watching &quot;la rosa de guadalupe&quot; damm this episode is so true they are people that make fun of the people that are virgins 
Freakin' frustrated why can't my coach realize that times are hard ain't nobody got the money to buy cookie dough for no new uniforms 
I miss Bri. COME BACK FROM QUEENSLAND, BITCH! I have no one to sit next to in class.  and drama is no fun without you. COME BACK, BOOB!
The Bucket List was a very bad film choice this evening.  I may need therapy now 
@donnyosmond Very excited as we have just booked tickets to Vegas (we live in the UK) can't believe the  price of the show tickets 
Watching the Killers on JR. They are awesome. Too late though. They just cut the programme mid song. Twas my favourite too. 
Have a fantastic opening flower drummers!! From the ALL Asian cast and crew 
@LaKia unfortunately noy   my life suck this year.
@tropigalia I know, I stink at birthdays  sorry bra, hope you're having fun anyhow, in spite of me!
Trying to got through my 3,000 + unread e-mail messages. Looks like this what I'll be doing for the rest of the evening. 
@cla_alfradique No fun   Well hopefully you don't have much more to go...
@Ashcoates its been fun so far, but its nothing like a festival altho we did have a cider this afternoon, but only the one 
angry, sad, happy, excited, i hate how my moods change  right now i am immensely sad =\
@ashleymshep yeah girl you betta be on twitter! i miss you. jealous of jen's limo ride 
@mitchelmusso would love to talk to you but i live in England so unfair 
@LMStellaPR Must have been the night for it. We had a nightmare evening too. You still sick too? Never gonna get well w/out sleep! 
@thursdayband  We can't even call you from belgium  sucks
Musically, these headphones are awesome. For staying in my ear... not so good. 
J Ross you can't leave the killers still singing and run the titles - you should have been edited out for more music - happy - not 
Is really sad that shes missing critical mass 
Im so depressed! I got an 80 on my global test 
@nkotb how come u all don't seem to excited to play in DC???? 
@jpsherman That's true. Unfortunately, the leads in the movies don't die on such a high note. It's more the Friday The 13th model 
@aholston Homework bound for the whole weekend, not so fun 
@casablancadonna Glad TS brought it! Sorry about ur foot shorty...ur gonna have to relax wit the heels 
@mandzz ohwwww  whatever I'm excited anyway.
I got overexcited about pizza and burned my mouth. 
What did I learn today? Never post anything you've sold on ebay using royal mail. They lose it, I refund: compo's nowhere near - my bad 
ugh! my teeth hurt! its taking the enjoyment out of jack-in-the-box. 
Soooooooooo glad to learn that Farrells ice cream parlor is staging a comeback in So. Cal -- too bad it's in the Mission Viejo mall 
@kimble09 yeah   but I'm jus glad the thunder stopped .
still no pool key. wth. it's even hot out today.  
@MissKittySF umm well i only go to house clubs and i never go to north beach so.no idea, sorry  been out 1x there 2 a now defunctlesi club
another great workout! but I'm feelin kind of funny 
And the city I love, Tucson, is the 18th most miserable  http://bit.ly/k3Gmw
4 shifts down, 2 to go... then its my birthday!! but, should i be getting excited??? im turning 29 which means im almost 30 
@rachyzilla still haven't been to the infamous liverpool store  my manager helped set it up said it's awesome (y)
@Linebeck Wrong  Besides, you wouldn't even draw for yourself now so giving yourself the &quot;responsibility&quot; to post there wud be better
@kirstiealley After many attempts, I can't figure out how put a pic in the avatar. Tells me pic is too big. Frustrated trying.......sorry 
@mitchelmusso i want to but i can't call you cause i live in argentina  I really really love you mitchel! You're AWESOME, you Rock!?
y do i even bother getting a new fone..i just fucking break them anyway,,,fones dont float,,especially when thrown in the pool 
I hate funerals. 
Drove a #Mazda #RX8 today and boy, that car is fun! Sadly though, I don't find my car that much fun any more 
Getting a little mowing the grass in this evening!  fun 
Getting a little mowing the grass in this evening!  fun 
Im not happy 
@fionaaa_ YEEEAH :'D lmao, dentists aren't nice  espesh after they decide your too old for goodie bags with stickers &amp; awesome toothpaste
Why am i even trying to go to sleep. Its 28c in here. I miss the cold winter nights 
There is ALWAYS one JOYKILL in the crowd!    haters!
@lwmedium when i go to the ticketmaster site it says &quot;no lisa williams events to be found&quot; 
@loveyoumoreMJ unfortunately I'm not drunk enough lol and have no money to get drunk  I have had alot though as u can imagine haha
@daniellefecci &quot;You guys could have fun in a cardboard box&quot;.. I miss you already, bro. 
Is cold  Mind you I have been sat outside for 30 mins waiting for a lift. I don't care how much of a balearic evening it might be!!!
About to have dinner and then an evening of playing cards. Already packed and ready to head home tomorrow   Do we have to go home?
@heatherjoy76 I have to figure out how this works!! I don't get it  Hope you're doing well!!!
@asdquefty Yes they are, and now they're all gone.  Did you enjoy yours?
Thankful for last minute doc appointments... Baby girl has a temp of 105.+  sitting at the doc's waitin'
usually when im gone celebs come on its so unfair 
anyone want to buy a place on the Oregon Coast?  It is one gorgeous area and unfortunately for me it must be sold. 
@OMSVU ... Thanks Okiebud!  I get the message..Sorry, the content you selected is not currently available.. 
wishing, i was at the michou show right now.. god. life isnt fair 
@ThisStarChild Did I miss the fun? 
Why do I look so awesome in heels yet am so afraid of them? 
@morrgaan oh no  this week is just a bad one for everyone. i love you &amp; your pretty face &amp; youre going to do fantastic in concert tonight
@LeeGazeprophets white pointy shoes haha, and ah you got me excited about the enw drummer  youre mean!
white pointy shoes haha, and ah you got me excited about the new drummer  youre mean
@mrsmicah I'm glad your inside too. Take good care of yourself. An event in Rising Sun?  Too bad you're filling ill or we might see you 
@KhloeKardashian too bad we can catch it here in brazil  but good luck with your show! you're amazing!
These messages are teasing me! It isnt fair. 
@janetfraser so true   sad to say.  I'm glad you'll be with me to be my support group ;)
@billohbill SS &amp; i r @ the devon horse show. gettin' mostly rained out. lots of events have ben cancelled incl the coaches 
Friday evening......what to do, what to do.  I have to idea. 
in desperate need of some tweets to cheer me up 
people with mustaches get super powers and mustaches. no fair. 
i like how, no matter how much fun i'm having, i need a hug, a bowl of ramen, and a comfy blanket as soon as i get home. 
By @nikhilbhaskaran Drove a #-mazda #RX8 today and boy, that car is fun! Sadly though, I don't find my car that much fun any more 
@jambomb oh that looks boring  and even more boring you have an exam on a saturday 
Truck full of silver bars imploded on itself.  Delayed us an hour and we didn't  even get a bar for our troubles.  No photo 
such a good day!! even though my so called friends did try to row away from me  but god i love em :p
@jenniferdodd I'm out of town next week   We'll have to party when I get back. Happy early Birthday!
@MileyIsAmazing1  take tylenol or advil? whatever one i never get headaches so i dont know which is better
@SCHATJE TY. Just a long tiring day filled with expensive plumbers and work  needed CALGON. Hope you &amp; @madberry have an AWESOME weekend!
@Mitchelmusso: Am getting upset listening to the say now  I want to speak to you Mitchel but my darn phone got no money on x
Avoided cinder blocks! Safe in NY area.. But Dantas and porky upset beavs gone 
I am so glad it's Friday. I just got off work and I'm so tired. 
Wish I brought some warmer clothes. It's chilly here.  only negative thing about the trip (&amp; the no sun which is connected to chilliness)
@dougiemcfly Have a great show Doug, have fun. Im sorry that I wont be there to watch you 
@jcubed1 Dang! Of course, I'm just jealous 'cuz I didn't think of it first 
@dannygokey im so upset u were at US weekly my uncle works there but he apparently didnt know how big of a fan i am! 
Struggling...selfishness and jealousy doesn't get you any further in life... ohh myyy 
@amandalaur that would be awesome i think, i hate how expensive phones are 
@kimi_joyner And he can't even tell me.  Me and him are fucking done, professionally. Fuckin' ass.
hey guys y did the sun make my day gloomy? 
Is definitely working sunday afternoon to late evening 
thinking lots of revision tomorrow  woo, hope it a sunny one.
@reveng101 yeah I know it's so stupid !!!!!!! There no jobs I mean come on 
@paaaulaaac me too  even my life is pretty good but i always say its shitty
@xzenax Bad times for everyone  Whywhywhy do we have to write essays  No fair!
Back from comedy night. Great fun. It's only midnight. I'm knackered. I'm getting old 
I am unhappy 
Also, why are paracetamol so hard to swallow? Even when the long ones are snapped in half. Ow. 
@tinylegacies D: But it is making people unhappy and I dun like unhappiness 
@darvin111 you don't even care about there, their, and they're.  
I have an awesome picture of happy pint, but it's not sending 
feeling better. drugs are awesome! sad waste of a 3 day weekend! 
debating whether to go to bed and start reading the last harry potter book, even though as soon as i start reading it, i won't wanna stop 
thinking about life and my dreams. why does it seem so appealing to give up?  im so jealous of every band/artist who is living theirs out
@shanselman still no class loaders, or even custom assembly loaders 
@keithjoforever why are you so angry keith...  whats up...
@JayFmOnline i hope so. i really need one! we'll see. unfortunately drama always finds me. 
@momof3crazykids that's awesome. Can't believe they have the poster up Already! I haven't seen one over here yet 
@hopeless_hearts hey,got your text. cannae hen, family are comin over  i've got nae money to come to livi anyway  xxxx
@mateomac l'm on 3 days too matt. No fun this weekend. 
Glad to be home I wish I could make @CBrown7785 feel better 
Crisis averted!  Phew! On a different note, @AmeeC3 and @Zelenski....you guys are making me so proud! tear!  wish i could have joined 
Watched Ten Pounds last night, brilliant movie,I couldnt stop weeping!!! 
everything is going wrong in my &quot; happy day&quot; 
@opieswifey Unfortunately, no. 
@depravedDyer @YarnHarlot Sending you both TONS of thankful love for Sock Summit. I can't believe the utter crap that some people spew. 
Poor Flores! Not happy about the latest news  #Nats
@RoboRoxy @lulzlix I'm SO jealous! I don't know when I'll be able to see Conan. 
Im glad that wasnt my real diver theory test! I failed  i got 70% 35/50 questions right but i did have 35mins left lol x
@talk2donboy LOL well i'm qlad u enjoyed yur ramen noodles.. i had fried chicken  ..im tired now 
I am slowly getting angry at this Jon and Kate Plus 8 thing 
Just found out my parents are putting down my dog tomorrow morning. Upset 
Off to the gym by myself!  no fun!
@meekorouse Very cute - I don't think I can make it to MakerFaire, sadly 
@meryreino Really? Awesome..Im mad cuz my followers r goin down  *Take A Breath*
sitting at home cuz my plans for tonight cancled  but they are on for tomo so that makes me happy  ctc or txt me!
@AnnaDiFilippo have fun without me pasty  &lt;33
Miss the newest version on Glade on Debian.. 
Boredom isnt any fun..Wish I had somebody to hang out with tonite.. 
seagull hates me and im utterly depressed about it. i miss him. 
It's gloomy as hell outside today. 
Apperently ea knows my copy of the sims 3 is not legit and is upset 
rode the moped to the mall. fun stuff, its flippin gorgeous out. I'm sad that @maeannette is sick 
so bored  Gonna go to the Carnival and get an all day pass tomorrow. Excited for that, but very bored today.
@Mcpattz I hope u enjoyed it and your back is now feeling much more better  God,its 1:20am...heading to bed  God..too late..good night
seeing the gf 5 days in a row for a few hours each day is amazing-just wish the location wasn't a hospital  
@architeuth1s oh no fair.... thats in 9 hours 
Today was horrible. My sillyness caused me a whole lot of stress and head ache and it ended up ruining a beautiful sunny day. 
@umassdilo PE and AA? That's a toss up. Did your mother have a &quot;fun&quot; time dealing with American Airlines (I assume)?? 
How amazing is hollyoaks! But my poor warren lmao! 
@dougiemcfly you're ALWAYS awesome, Dougie. have a great gig tonight, wish I were there again  Love you, thanks for yesterday!
mom is on her way home  but yay for mother son days! she even bought some new shoes. haha.
What a gloomy day in the OC,Cali 
@supjoya they really do. it is a crying shame. 
@ce_ci Im not reasonable... It's 1:35am now and gotta wake up early tomorrow on my first day of holidays!  have a great evening!
@GrowWear Unfortunately for us it looks like there are NO funny people on twitter  Should we move to FB or start our own...flitter
Upset  bout to talk to someone but idk who though
@psylentmike haha! you're so funny, Mikee .. you're probably the only Mike I'll ever like  *sad thoughts*
I am increasingly convinced that I am moderately lactose-intolerant - given my deep and abiding love of cheese, this totally sucks 
I am going to be sooooo busy today it's not funny. i hate busy day's 
@jollyassjerk it's month end  I'm here till 11
@funtimeshelly sorry to hear about your dog 
@ghaliia Mabrook @iamMishal inta wain wil diet wain! @p0ach ma 3indi funoon 
My whole life has come to this......incredibly amazing 
@joyquality Yeah, but not always. 
I just realized the reason why I am so sad today is because it's reeeeally gloomy outside 
i wish i was in cali wit mari nd lupita seeing vfc  not fair
@finellskii have fun!  i am sad to not be with you guys  
absolutely gutted that i'm not going to badu tonight.  you guys have fun...! just got home and need to head downtown now. gd this heat!
Back home after a funeral for my wife's grandfather today.  Now its time for homework 
It is Gloomy outside. It is making me sad  I miss the sun and its happiness!!
@djCrMix it's been raining every single afternoon in S.Florida  not fair! hehe
@2Serenity No FAIR! 
@iheartmc I'm sorry sister!!  just think you get to see your man in a bit! That should make you happy. You guys should call me tonigh
Going home to enjoy what is left of the day - I can't believe how quickly this week flew by, no time for tweets 
@JerryShaw i tried changing my pic but twitter is a hater  im a doctor of awesome !! other than that, im just a medical assistant :]
@gerardoudi hey Gerardo! (late response) that day i was talking bout forgiving my brother 4 givin me wrong directions! i got way to upset 
Visiting family in hospital = not fun 
@amalah I am very jealous.  I was supposed to go see it in Seattle with a friend this summer but she had to bail out because of work 
Starting to get annoyed with socialscope. Need an update 
i feel extremely depressed right now. 
LauraA22is missing the fun she had with @Sylars_Army at Eclipse 3  #SArmy #SArmy #SArmy 
@whore_hay The Twitter Happiness score for sw00p is: 418. http://happytweets.com I think I dropped by 1 point since yesterday.  
Nursing my sick guniea pig back to health  and my cat is being jealous
is missing the fun she had with @Sylars_Army at Eclipse 3  #SArmy #SArmy #SArmy 
I hate dreaming that your at some awesome party and you wake up at home, there was jager at the party too 
Wow, I didn't realize my seats were so far back.  I hope I can enjoy the show enough for what I paid for the tickets. 
@glennbeck Missed your show tonight   Just HAD to go up to Lake Erie and enjoy the quiet!
ended up face to face with a bear on 181 driving home this evening.  Sadly he took off into the woods before i hauled out my cameraphone 
In the dentist chair with a very numb left side for crown prep. Not fun to keep mouth open this long 
@jeanettesanchez lucky you, all we've had is rain in the city today  enjoy! ;)
everytime i go on threadless, it makes me sad because i probably wont buy any awesome shirts i see.  
@TheSvilleNews http://twitpic.com/67kb6 - Sad day!  What a great guy and enthusiastic teacher.
Oh, are we pushing the #GQMF trend tonight? Awesome. (I am woefully behind on my ontd_startrek reading  )
@bjolly086 Now, I can't call your kitten by its new name, because Ryan makes fun of the way I say kitten. 
@cohenster i know its awful  but never fear i've got loads of funds so we can have a drunken catch up post-exams ja?
Ok so any ideas of what to do tomorrow to make it fun? Cause i dont know what to do 
@no_surprises unfortunately yes 
@babyjidesign: what a cute pic of the girls, and so vibrant.  I didn't get anything cpeven close.  
Just realized all his fantastic nerdfriends no longer live in Rochester 
@Dannymcfly i wanna a picture with u, in the hotel the security didn't allow me  it's so sad, i don't even know when i'm gonna see u again
@AnalystAlterEgo i have bad news... i have to go take the dog for a walk--they're upset w/me! 
@WordofSouth Damn brah, u not happy? 
Can't stop coughing, feel like I might have bronchitis again, no fun 
@doodleworld  Thx had a great day &amp; gonna have a long weekend.  Excited yet I'll be missin my tweeple badly.  
hm i'm happy but i want to join drama practice today ! 
@StephenMulhern I'm absolutely jealous as hell of Brenda   
@SinsualDzires phone updated and she's got a camcorder on her phone now--mine hasn't updated chit  that ain't fair .
feeling even worse today 
@mitchelmusso i couldnt call you because the time on my phone would run out  so if you can give me a shoutout on here i will be happy
excited for Jackie's baby shower tomorrow, going to relax and enjoy the weekend! Monday better not come fast 
Saw the UCLA bookstore...now convinced that every single major university has a better bookstore than @ASU   Having fun so far!
@Gaylib1986 it was just areply on you facebook status that you were a little upset 
Still feeling weird about my ex and her engagement.  My mom made things worse.  I don't even want her, but it's still odd 
dont wanna go to mississppi!!!!!!!! UGH!! texas is my home..... UPSET!!! 
@mileycyrus hehe his name was Jack Dawson &amp; he died on the Titanic  u c that movie Miley?im watching it rite now. amazing.tell Leo I&lt;3Him!
lost some $ at work....nt happy right now    --SLOANSTER--
@PENLDN just got in, gonna go upto bed in a sec, not drunk! I'm disgusted with myself  haha
Glenna is bored but glad that it is a beautiful day. Macy went swimming and Kris played golf while I sat at home waiting for them 
@BuddyTV Excited about the new Pushing Daisies episodes but it makes it that much worse.  I had finally gotten over the cancellation. 
I'm miserable with my boredom. 
lied last weekend when she said she wouldn't get upset, just an FYI. 
@RealLifeKaz we cant come toniiiite !! arggh i want to tho  have fun for uss. well def see u 2morrow nite tho!
I'm very upset right now, like I can't even formulate a complete thought.... 
OMG JLO AND MARC ANTHONY WERE AT MY OLD SCHOOL GRADUATION  BRB UPSET
At natalies just finished work. Had the most AMAZING peanut butter sandwhich EVER. &lt;3333 I miss your faceeee 
tell chris to stop making fun of lizzie 
Boyfriend is out with friends tonight. Don't know what to do with my evening 
Went to see UP today - very disappointed - it was sad   Almost made me cry!  I thought it was supposed to be funny.
@natbubba yeah, totally unfair.  we should just. FLAME THEM EVERYWHERE
night night twits! im so glad I will be waking up to a saturday off work!! printer has broke though 
@myuze_me Thanks! Kinda bittersweet though 
Has been a long day - Matinee and evening show. Will be sad tomorrow: last ever Welsh College show 
super frustrated, and taking it out on the one's I love!   I love you, Paul!
zzzzz.. best friend going to europe in a few hours  .. i'm gonna miss her! hope she has fun though
City Dippin iz u fun, so much eye candy out here...I remember y I miss  LOL
@xxigetwet Sher is good. There were quite a few people that we didn't even get to see, due to me having court and rushing to see fam. 
@gawhatafeeling Ooooh, I'm jealous  I might try and get some for the saturday but I have an exam on the monday that Im gonna fail 
Fender is hiding under the couch ... he knows I'm getting ready to leave and he isn't happy about it 
This is not fair... bath again.... 
it's gloomy outside 
@dnbchik ohhh that cant be very fun    but hell you manned it up!!   looks like you got some shit done today!!
i want Anoop to wish me Happy Birthday 
is spending her Saturday morning taking notes for a research essay because some stupid whore recalled the book I'm using. Not fair 
zoombezi bay was soooo fun!! buuuut my legs are soooooo sunburnt 
@PaulaFarris Ya gotta forgive them, dogs are just little people in fur coats, but I know the cleanup isn't fun 
Got rocks. And found my car got birdied this evening. 
@Crimsondreamer no bueno.  hollykins needs to feel better asap.  p.s. i miss you.  you done with uni soon aren't you?  SOPROUDOFYOU.
the plan was to take a nap (yea I'm still feeling last night) then go watch lakers game smwhere fun. looking like no nap 
@PeterPolaco signin autographs would be boring I think! Get wasted 2nite! Have fun! I'm stuck at work 
@bkkrakora ew, i used to get &quot;suicides&quot; in high school and mix like 5 sodas together. then drink it. i think i remember enjoying it, too. 
confused, angry, anxious and on top of everything LONELY 
@tmjassociation y does it hurt so much? i can't even chew gum.  i've lost so much weight because i can't even eat 
nothing to do this evening.. MISSING LIFESTORY 
@bkkrakora ew, i used to get &quot;suicides&quot; in mid. school and mix like 5 sodas together. then drink it. i think i remember enjoying it, too. 
Sh t, I'm getting even more sad. I'm currently at the library and j think it'll be the last one tooooo 
upset.. friday night crying! 
I'm grounded til tomorrow. Sorry to anyone I made plans with.  It'll have to be tomorrow. (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/x332r
@Mattshiloh Unfortunately your fix didn't work..   Oh well, I'm lovin' me some PeopleBrowsr anyways! 
@Linooo Ahhh!  I knowww! I saw it May 5th and 6th in Newcastle and it was so good!!! I'm soo excited for 6th June, as its my bday aswell!
aww dude.. no fair. i thought that was the point of this thing 
Wow, its hot and miserable. People are probably killing themselves right about now... 
I'm so glad my concert is still a week away...I'm getting so sick and I need the time to recover!! My lungs hurt so bad right now 
My mom has annoyed the living crap outta me, so now we're on AOL Radio, looking for Brooks &amp; Dunn. 
More depressed ty very much!!! 
@ktml nice work buying coda dude! It's a great app! Unfortunately, I bought it when it was the full $99USD  #jealous
@WaylandSmalley Me neither. But it's no longer about what we want. It's about fairness. And fairness is whatever government says it is. 
@tarraxo I'm not sure.  Btw, YAY FOR WICKED TICKETS! That's awesome! When are you going?
also I managed to ink half more page. unfortunately page 006 will totally suck, but at least I tried hard before I decided to move on 
study study study.  What fun on a Saturday. 
@angellr Busy but fantastic. Tried to unplug for a few days.   Thank you for the FF!!
@deegirl825 you're just unhappy to return to occupying the same city as me  I am cry now too.
missing my bffls! missing my friday night dates!  hot dogs for dinner then who knows what the evening holds!
@adamtheeditor I heard it was disappointing, which I am disappointed by before I've even seen it.  What a waste of C. Bale. 
@TraceyHewins Tired! I may have to go to bed. Trouble is I miss all my American evening friends.     X
@RIngram08 glad u feel like cooking I'm so tired 
The day started so wonderful, but now our kids our crying because our kitty is missing  We just got back from posting signs around. 
@AuthorSaoirse_R Drive-in!? srsly!? *jealous*  I have never ever been to one.  there is one down the rd, but it's no longer operational :|
@wersching and I have to wait till January. Life is not fair! 
@mileycyrus my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better 
Sending angry vibes to the individual in a blue vehicle who hit my car in the QFC parking lot on Broad and failed to leave a note 
@kakrisch im jealous.  im slaving away at the store and youre chilling on the boat.
@ddlovato  my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better 
@Jonasbrothers  my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better 
chillin on break eatin some grub. pretty burnt out had an eventful day. wanting to go to the movies with Ian, not happening though. 
I sadly have no voice after the Food Faire and The Academic Pep Rally!! I need my voice. 
@schambers bud light?!?!?!  up in Massachusetts and no Boston Lager?  Guess I won't catch the next flight   njoy!
Im giving up on twitter. My pic is gone my background is gone..I'm hopeless when it comes to technology!! 
@mileycyrus  it wont let me vote even tho im signed in 
Tempted to buy MAC at ACW....even though I don't need anything....but I want to try dazzleglasses 
i hate my presentation  hahah whatever im glad its over 
@wita  Still think it's unfair that Infamous isn't on PC. =/
still feeling crangsty  but sushi for Marianne's bday (tmr) tonight! then pedicures (finally!) even so, I hate feeling like this *pouts*
@JamaicaPanama im missin out on all the fun aww  *cryin* lol
I MISS TUGGER AND MISTO  last night was amazing&lt;3 i was so close to them :')
@jessicagee7 i have restricted driving priviledges...  and i didn't even do anything. stupid double standards
Just enjoyed 2 steak quesadillas! Kinda mad cause I'm gonna miss the laker game! 
So glad the days almost over... Another nite of me nd my pain pills alone at the crib lol. Ughh I wish this weekend was over alreadi!    
@cleverindie This spine thing sounds no good  back exercises are no fun, best of luck hon.
Fun Friday night planned...... Spent at work 
feelin depressed ,, i miss you soo damn fcking much besties  ..i wish i wouldnt have left yt 
wishing I was attending #beatweetup I even bought a badge 
@Boy_Kill_Boy I is angry 
Is upset that he didn't get his 24 fix tonight 
@Hockeyvampiress glad you have a squeee moment good for you-- I just got bills in the mail 
@prettyrach I am 100% jealous.  wish I had some
I just wanna be happy 
@AwesomeKenn lame right?  do u know what dates you'll be in Cali?
thinking i cant handle my life like this anymore... almost seems as if suicides the answer... unfortunately.  
Trying to reorganize plans for tonight uggg  Hopefully it will still be lots 'o fun!
wish i could be in via funchal  yesterday, @tommcfly, @Dannymcfly, @dougiemcfly, @mcflyharry were PERFECT, the best day in my life XX
@Atashas your sister would ! hahah thats so funny !! i thought you liked them 
She tells me that she feels miserable, so at least it's mutual. 
@xhotandfatx you gotta follow &quot;BOOBFEED&quot; its incredible. They tweet 4-10 a day. With links to free breasts. Its my favorite tweeter 
The jetway feels like the seventh layer of hell. Oh and there are way too many babies on this flight. And I forgot my Bose. 
@ltyson yay asap lol awwh I miss our friday night happy hours even luna del sea and the &quot;boy&quot; hahahaha 
@ClaireSale Poor Beta, I took him to Seattle, riding on my lap on the plane. He was happy here until our week long outage-cold did him in 
@bwexxx  i hope you hoes are having so much fun...not TOO much without me though lol
woke up early this morning  not happy bout that, headache, dizzy can't breathe, yeh im still sick
Didn't win a Lammy last night  but happy for Scott Sherman, who did. Walked my feet off at BEA today.
reaons not worth it; drunk for no reason, depressed about revision, nothing happened. Reason's worth it:Matt, ...after that? i dunno 
@LovelyAaris That's not fair! I'm hungry as hell 
@philwade unfortunatly, just about to start making my way home  but via Singapore for a gig too, so fun ain't over  just yet ;)
I'm really enjoying pins and needles in my legs at 01:28 in the morning... Not 
Def isn't. I don't even feel like me without a pic next to my tweet. 
@mfrancella I have yet to even get out to play this year  soon I hope!
@HelenCrozier Yes- It was fun to connect with her! Pls tell her hello- can't find her on Twitter. 
Why does twitter eat my DM's?  Not happy 
Spoke about culture to some of our Rackers over at the Castle. Now time for some awesome Mexican food. No drinking--antibiotics. 
@funkylovin  on your ani?  sorry
Dear god I'm so sleepy, and it's only 6:30. Must be sleep deprived. I even fell asleep sitting up. *groans* I'm I really that old? 
Oh god! I had to look at &quot;How to use Twitter&quot;.. how hopeless is that?! 
@PerezHilton well even with her breakdown she was better than the other acts unfortunately! Britain's got very little talent 
Just a very quick 'hello' , 'goodbye' &amp; 'enjoy the party' from this very tired UK blogger who unfortunately needs sleep  #BEAtwittyparty
inFamous on the PS3 = AWESOME. My eyes are so sore now though 
Hey had some fun with friends !!!!!Now cleaning 
soooo bored it aint funny. 
@iAlejandro: unfortunately not.  I have to take it to a repair shop or replace it.
@KyleWade05 so glad i did not say hi to last night... i dont want the flu... but sry if you really do have it 
@sunmess she was performing at the lifeball in vienna this year but unfortunately i didn't get the chance to see her. 
@funkylovin ah mine is never home before 8   I handed off the kids and grabbed the bottle of malibu and a coke..momma getting drinky :para
I am sad that my kids were ungrateful today 
Awwww poor biggie...he puked on me in the car. Even though I had the air conditioning on FULL blast...I think it was the heat  He' ok now
Unfortunately these heffas decided to take an impromptu mall trip without telling me 
Circus was fun - I don't have any hope of getting out of the parking lot - haven't moved in 10 min 
@cassapel Damn, I got all excited for nothing  hahaha
You know funny thing about everyone packing for E3 is that I am packing to go to mexico... not E3 
@dustbunniesss i dont have a bank. i cash my shit at tom thumb. i've had four bank accounts--and they've all gone negative 
http://twitpic.com/6814w - So glad Sam is in a good mood 
enjoy the laker game for me guys! since i'll be at work 
yay! boxing!! although after the boxing, sparring &amp; eating, have to spend the rest of the evening troubleshooting java code for hw. 
Actually, I think I'll be more upset if I lost my data for Cake Mania 3. I was pretty far into the game 
@1critic and Boat is dining Bones in Peru - double 
Leaving for Atlanta in the morning to catch JoCo and Pa &amp; St!!! I'm excited! Missed P&amp;S at D*Con last year.  That made me a sad owl.
Damn M-Audio IE-30s! I just remembered how much I &lt;3 u &amp; now the right earbud has ceased functioning  My Shure's r 2 bright w/ lame bass.
mmm mmm mmm! tss tsss tss. LOL, having way too much fun being bored.  i miss him 
1-Pendulum = awesome! 2-Goodbyes suck  3-Shut up plz. 4-Toy Story 3!!  5-JB 3D MOVIE 2MORO! 6-I'm tired. 7-Aaaand I'm out.
House hunting for next year= No FUN! 
@bewarethegeek i just found out one of my fav high school professors died this week. he wasn't even supposed to retire yet 
Out for an evening on the town with jeremy. Sad Carrie can't come 
@JelaniFr3sh  boo. I used to live in upland... Have funnnn
(@ohmyjade) 1-Pendulum = awesome! 2-Goodbyes suck  3-Shut up plz. 4-Toy Story 3!!  5-JB 3D MOVIE 2MORO! 6-I'm tired. 7-Aaaand I'm out.
@beadqueen That doesn't sound fun 
#myweakness too loving ...i always let negative people into my life 
@jmallen1012 aww i'm sorry   glad mommy took care of you. erin is in for some fun if there's a bug on you in colorado
Life sucks if ur not having fun. 
not in the mood crazii crazii highly upset now with everything &amp; everybody 
@SLTennis2003 unfortunately no  hence y I get called Casper!!
only just found out that it was sunny today... And heres me, good little student sat inside revising :| GOD DAMN IT!!!! 
@McFreak_ I have a feeling you will come in a very funny disguise and I will die of lol'ter. Then you will get them. 
@yflmd holy shit balls thats awesome but i cant go 
@AwesomeFrank 
@comicbookdb Site is running super slow (and often not at all) this evening/ Lots of hang-ups, random SQL errors, etc. 
I WANT FUNNEL CAKE!!! AND THE BEACH 
So happy Friday is here!! So sad Chad is working nights 
Bella  ihas a cold and is not happy  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6884622
- having to stay up and watch my sister throw up. she is so very hammered. and this is really not fun...  long night for me. hmmm.
@coreykingston1 so jealous 
Back from happy hour! My favorite bartender wasn't there today 
@missjoy4 dont know if it is too late to call.  Hubby is hitting the road.  I won't be able to go.  
@HAZEL_26 girl, im in atl...kickn myself in the ass b.c im not there.  have fun for me.
@jodifur  I'm in a car driving to St. Pete for a funeral.  I have a bb but no cable tv. 
Hope everyone is having fun at the tweetup! I'm there in spirit, but unfortunately I'm stuck at home 
PT WAS SO MUCH FUN MY TEAM WON AND I CAN'T BELIEVE MY BEST FRIENDS ARE LEAVING IN 5 DAYS 
@antdiggitty I'm so jealous! I miss Washington 
@Katarinea  Girl your better than that. If you need anything let me know. I'll be glad to PM you my phone #
@YarnThing Hope she turns up soon! Been there before and it's not fun 
@ShaChouu  AND yo im mad i missed the launch party   dnt 4get june 14th tho now that we in contact again, its gonna be funn
@sjhannam working mostly online these days, sara. 10-12 hours on the computer, but not happy about it at all 
leaving for Fun Formosa soccer soon... last session  http://twurl.nl/6rpo26
@Leilokelani me too. unfortunately, it's the same trait that makes a good con artist 
Sunny, hot and i'm home with a bad cold. 
@urbanhoustonian It's events like that that make me wish I weren't such prime skeeter eatin'.  
I had an awesome day. Lunch at the fort, slacklining with the gibbons tour, and dinner with my sister.  Now just the drive home left 
Is It Wrong If I Don't Go 2 My Paw Paw Funeral.? I Meen... I Hate Funerals Period, Plus Ion Thnk My Heart Can Handle Seeing That. 
Just saw one of the most amazing dancers...too bad he is only 17  Can't wait to see him come back next year! (He already has a ticket) lol
Mentally zonked. Physically not even vaguely tired. I hate all this medication - basically, it sucks 
Not happy about being sick on my weekend off  sniffle.
@Agent_M Unfortunately Sony doesn't have data available for developers, so none of us can create features that would utilize such a thing 
@Factort_Boi yeah. im glad u asked. I learned that she was deported!  So we gotta find u another one. Im on that mission already shawdy..
@adiasimone yay for eating again! buuut. i'm jealous you got chick-fil-a. the nearest chick-fil-a is 58 miles away in WISCONSIN 
Why am I even trying? There's really no point. I wish there was someone who believed in me like I believe in myself  but I guess not... 
happy friday! have fun without me!!  
Dam, what a day went get my medicine and ended up having to get a xray and had a picline surgically put in my arm.. FUN 
@carolineannxo awww, well that could be fun. tell me how it is. im gonna have soo mch fun . . . 
Is sad to leave her awesome friends at cozumel 
Leaving now to hollister.. Painting the town house with my family, FUN 
@dtagurit and boooo on you for even going in someone else's 
Done with Disney  Off to airport in 20mins. Back to reality. It's been fun.
Eh  thats even sadder lol ha
Halp. Study here and be unhappy and regret my decision or study abroad in Spain for a year but put myself in debt? Idk what to do 
@mileycyrus aww!  but LA is great!  hope u have fun @ hannahs set! xoxo
@CHRISDADDY y u upset? 
@ikissedavampire i know! but so busyy. its hurting me im that busy. lol. i cant even go hang out with my friends cause i dont have time 
Ugh! I don't think I will be home in time for the game. Hopefully,  I can catch it at the 1/2.  Not happy! 
@sunnyphoenix how am i suppose to do that with no phone and u dont wanna help me 
damn I forgot to watch the new Lady Gaga video  how is it everybody? I heard it's awesome
At a place called Ceviche. Silver springs is such a better city than fairfax 
At the event early even and no one is here yet 
@winchestersam Just Waiting, For Someone I can Talk to.....I Am Really Upset Today, Not the Best Day Ever Huh?.... 
As much as I like being thin, I do sometimes wish that my meds didn't make eating such a chore for me. I very rarely enjoy food 
Bout 2 Miss Mah Lakers Play 2day...  This Orange Box Is Fuckin Up The Rotation!.. Mah Real LA Fam.. Keep Me Posted!.. I LOVE HATERS 2!!
am atrociously late for training. floorball captain's gonna hate me even more 
I feel the Nuggets will win tonight....  Happy Birthday Carmelo Anthony
- my boys are rowdy now that 'dad' is home! we've been having lots of fun &amp; making lots of noise!!  but, now, jammie time is upon us... 
tonight is going to be ruff, i can already tell, bella is NOT happy...this teething business lasts too long! 
@TayyTayy ah i wish! florida is so much fun too 
can't go out tonight car is acting funny   wat shall i do???
At deee movies. Didnt get to see my boy tonight..  probably will tomorrow though. Excited.
Grease is on tv. Seeing it makes me sad for Jeff Conway. Remember when he could function? 
@yaldasharif I can't go tomorrow and was really upset  I'm totally getting the foot thing that was in the UK email.
my feet hurt... can't even walk anymore 
Getting annoyed with this, the settings don't work 
Suddenly remembered that leaving Valpo means leaving my awesome closet, and my other closet, and my spare room that is a closet 
EXTREMELY BORED...  Sad, that I'm home on Friday night, and no one to hang w/.  Not even the parents.  
no fun until work is done....telling myself i'll feel better when itz over.  lol
I'm preparing for a day of &quot;girl&quot; shopping. I had to buy foundation garments for my soon to be 8 year-old today  She is excited 
Getting ready to go to dufan!!!! Not that excited though thinking of the queue and the heat 
Fun time at BookExpo America.  Too bad I'm now stuck in the airport and may be in New York another night! 
Today was a really good day.Geetay's makeup turned out awesome and both her and Marcus looked amazing!My baby is all grown up.  tear tear.
2 or 3 weeks left until end of 6 grade.  i bet the fifth graders are excited. im just sad.
@craigeryowens wow have fun...I wishi could go to the warped tour this summer! But I can't!  I hope to see u in concert soon! Luv Katelyn!
@craigeryowens wow have fun...I wish i could go to the warped tour this summer! But I can't!  I hope to see u in concert soon! Luv Katelyn
Is annoyed with LA news stations to burying the video of the McCain/Whitman event in the middle of a bunch of non-stories.  Boo.  
Having a total melt down cuz I can't have tea or dark soda cuz stomach already upset 
@katerehmann oh no haha cabin = bad news! Unfortunately I work both jobs tomorrow 
@ArieleMoonfire me too!!! Very sick of them, coming to work email after I created work Twitter account  so I guess that is related.
I MiSS My EmPeroR!! HMPH!  N He Dnt EveN Kno Or CaRe!
@AIIisonIraheta you understand a little of portuguese right? sorry 4 my bad english  you're upset with me? /continue...
dam bad mood doesn't mean you gotta go take it out on me!!!  now im frustrated angry and i miss my fried noodle 
@mileycyrus http://bit.ly/oiixj wow people are so mean! But I posted that for you! And come to Tennessee even though it's RAINY 
Apparently has angry eyes. Grr 
@stella84 can't complain. Worked then relaxed. Watching game now. Have to be at work tomorrow 8am 
@bittersweetm Oh no! Why? Don't say that. 
@juicystar007 i'm so upset i've ben trying to watch u on blogtv but the operators of the waiting room kicked me out for no reason 
Oh Jennifer, I lust after the kindle too.  Unfortunately, it's not for sale in Canada.  
on my way to splash bash with all my senior friends our last time all 2gether  im gunna miss them but im proud :]
After two years of abuse my iPhone's finally starting to break down. Vibrate is broken. Awesome. Now my weekend's shot!  And vibrateless! 
@ChapStique called me!!!! ahh! so awesome  too bad i was at work  but he's supposed to call again, plus he's on my voicemail now!!! AHH!
@marcusisawesome - momma janet says &quot;wrap it if you tap it!&quot; and then she made a popsicle joke at me. 
@lalahhathaway unfortunately, I'm at home handling sum responsibilities. U're probly headed 4 pizza lk Frances Jaye. Wish I culd come 
It's raining like a mad man out here. And not the peacful, steady rain that I like, It's the scarey, dark, hard rain that freaks me out. 
@weezy611 Jolly Rodgers was fun yesterday! But 7th graders got 2 hours there more then we did  with no fog delay!
Jealous of everyone of my friends at sonic 
@reankell DAMN!!!  got me all excited for a min there 
An evening filled with misinterpretations, horray. Let's hope things clear up and the sun shines again. 
Grrr just got an email saying they weren't sending my JG an evening in NYC DVD out until 6/9 now 
Uh! I hate this! This is one that i get annoyed about myself 
My phone is back in action. Baking cookies. Got a funeral to attend in the morning.   &lt;.:|.KayMart.|:.&gt;
@AwesomeFrank awww ahah i missed you too... ilysss... i spent two days at home with my mum no cp  and then two days at my aunt's... no cp
relaxing evening to a very long week   Prayers for the Burleighs'
@MrSoAmazing lmao! We will see sweety... I wouldn't be mad just disapointed. 
why does my brain decide to work now!  its soooo not fair!
Bout to go see Up. Wish I was in LA @ the SummerFest to see Varsity Fanclub  Hope they have an awesome time!
tummy is still angry with me 
@FabAllie yeah........haha....its GONE!!!!!! my eyes now look funny!!!  hahaha &amp; in hte pic they are blue....hahaha
@RobAlmanza enjoy ur evening...u work tomorrow 
I'm quite annoyed, no really annoyed that the UK isn't getting Up until October 
So exhausted from shopping. The heat is amazing !!!!! Miss cali  especially my mish !!!
The episode of that 70s show that hw watching is making me kind me depressed. Class day was today. What am i doing with my life? Fuck. 
Listening to Ne-yo's Mirror. Why am I torturing myself? Ugh! Frustrated 
i really don't want pirates to end.  how upsetting.  i love it so much. and i'm gonna miss it.
I'm @ CarrabbaLs celebrating a friends birthday..... So why do I feel so weird?...maybe b/c he use to be my best friend...... 
glad @justinarnold and @nhenick are together 
just finished watching les miserables it was such a good movie! i almost cried 
It just hit me that this amazing ride called high school is almost over. 
NYC BookExpo was fantastic-I wish I could go tomorrow also 
One minute to Seven and still up. Darn! this layout it taking forever!! 
@keishajay jealous! I have I work 
@brookeburke Good for you, have a glass of red for me too... I'm jealous, I have to study for work tomorrow so need to lay off the red 
I just want to rest!!! forgetting al my homeworks and all the things related with the school..... XD 
I just walked out of a shoestore without buying anything. And they had really fantastic shoes. 
Corbins party. There's no DJ, it's not in the city, and my good I ditched the fun part of the day. What a bad day this was 
@davislove breathe. think calm. don't be a rage monkey, or you'll have to join the GOP and listen to those idiots!' 
home tired  and is kinda upset
@evening_star I miss Torchwood  And Jack 
@TEYANATAYLOR You are in GREAT shape...im jealous  back to the gym for me
stupid internet is still down, no fun internet, no baby cam... 
I'm really depressed right now...little bit of plan mishaps 
@riandawson aw dont leave  have fun in sydney but come back over here. how was your last night??
@rickey how annoying - there's always some miserable old kiljoy out there ruining everyone's fun - losers 
oh my god the last crusade is such an awesome movie. 
@Seanpaffair let us know if the movie is any good!  i haven't been to the movies in forever 
i love you, now calm down please baby!!! :'( and YOU wise up and dont hurt my friend   AGHHHHHHH!!!
Yeah...another weekend of work. I'm so very excited 
@masbesos  geez harsh. Haha I love YOU... Cuteness
@kroonoverdrive Thanks for letting me know . . .  . . . Hope you have a good evening sir . . .
@NeonFushiaStarr Awwh, no, I have, uh.. other plans, for this evening, but I am going to miss MeatGuild very sadly 
Reno 911! isn't the same without Wendi and Carlos  But Tom and Ben are amazing as always.
@munachao @14eleven @grimesforever @soheezy let @AlexBarron sleep on the way to ATX 
I'm B positive...That's not even special 
http://twitpic.com/686u5 - Ishu having fun without me 
Im so angry! Im gunna cry again! Someone txt me!  1714-457-7893
@ktbeeper @tenelilli @happylovesChuck ...when I'm speaking foreign languages but can't do other English accents to save my life.  
It's times like this I miss havin a bf... I just want 2 crawl up in sumones arms &amp; take a nap!  too bad I have no time to even look for 1
@kyeung808  @gregarious  got dinner with my dad - so prob won't make it tonite. yeah, boooo me   but SF all day and evening tomorrow!
Just watched season 2 and season 3 of &quot;The game&quot;.. damn now im upset they took it off the air 
@nadiaoxford I think &quot;nut hordes&quot; just might be the most amazing two words I've heard all day. Still super sad for you all 
Its no fun watchin the game alone 
@ClarenceMcMill I went to the spa event thingy but I didn't see you 
Two months ago, my life ended, even though it still goes on. 
@jonnykaplan that's just a little bit funny - sorry 
I has a cold   There's going to be cold snot on my pillow when I wake up.  Even bigger 
Who noes how  to fix a mouse that's not functioninqq rite ??? 
my grandma just passed.   i'm glad she's not suffering anymore and i'm glad she and scarlett had a small part in each others lives.
working out is not fun 
I think I'm definitely in a funk  
Watching the Bernie Mac show. Aww he was so funny R.I.P Bernie Mac  http://myloc.me/22zF
@ShabbyGomer Sadly, I'm not even 100% sure we're going  Friend's car has been acting up lately.
@Musojourno I love the 'Mode song too, but Strangelove the band were amazing, esp 1st album. Sadly defunct these last 10 years 
@Jac_P mr pemberton would be offended 
Twitter's nor playing nice with me tonight. Uh oh ... am I really too dumb to use this wonderful service? 
@Kay_Dazzle Red Robin?? By me? You didn't even call! So hurt  lol
is about to have a bye-bye dinner with my roommates   It's been fun, boys ...
My damn private swim lesson never showed up  (but secretly I'm pretty happy cuz I'm tired!) LOL
just got word that I will be working longer then expected tomorrow at the flagship ... lets just say I am not thrilled 
Had fun swimming. But is super depressed. And not sure why. 
I am apparently a very angry person. 
@kleo18  You should have Bill some Michael Jackson on the cd he's making for Kasey. That would be so much fun.Wish I could be there. 
@chrismcfeely Rub it in, why don't you?  I shall have my own Leader Prime soon, though. Even if it means punching out a child in TRU.
signs of aging #23: super hot asian chick is holding up the line, my reaction is annoyance rather than joy 
@iv3tte lol, which one you work at :p. That's awesome! I used to want to work there so badly but I wasn't old enough  haha.
@Tiff_Tiff_Marie ur right!!! I didn't even think about u living right there!    I suck! Sorry! We were on a date tho. (we go once a week)
@valiiance: @deewags' laptop (3GB RAM, solid vid card, made to run CS4) sucks with Hulu.com. Eager to try Hulu Desktop, but not hopeful. 
@elazar was at the @sproutbox event. Coming home soon and will log in. Sorry 
marcelle loves @elsagonzalezl !!!! the ritz rocks my world!!!!! i wish i could have made it to your house  have fun!!! Goodnight Twitter
@photoshoptips lol, well even funnier is I was 1 of those trying to get it!  I almost downloaded it from itunes for $1.99   Yes I'm blonde
@littleblackbox That sucks, but sounds like she didn't handle her business. 2-3hrs of emails and PayPal refunds could have saved it. 
@xxkingofkingsxx yeah  and I didn't even bring a sweater! ugh
@Jeezi lol im glad youre having a good time. wish i was there 
@hermorrine I never get weird/funny/whatever texts like those... 
I was excited when I got to catch an episode of House. Bummed when it was the one where Amber dies 
@simplyshannon tried to save the tweeked one but saves all stretched out and funny 
Strasburg throws 15 K's. Pretty awesome. Sad part is, SDSU will probably end up losing to Virginia 5 - 1. 
Dime is gonna haunt me. Who is she trying 2 call. Who have I prevented her from calling? Do payphones even work NEmore? 10 crappy pennies 
Nvm peoples, im not going friday. the magazine is stupid and said it was for HM:TM ..even tho i entered for the JB Movie tickets..ugh 
the most upsetting thing has come to you tube... THEY TOOK DOWN THE CHERUS VIDEO I LIKE 
@Kay_Dazzle @BitterSweetzz My Macbook adapter gets super hot. I'm laying on the couch &amp; somehow it got wrapped up in my Snuggie... hurts 
Friends are fail, I want to head to that bar #SF4 event in Chicago 
i need to get happy, and soon! please, lets stop fighting 
@SueySays okay that is not fun..  #BEAtwittyparty
Feeling a bit lonely, on the road for work on a Friday night while friends are enjoying a lovely evening at an outdoor cafe in Indy.  
I want to go ridin' with Bonnie this weekend...    Sounds wonderful and I have to WORK!
@__Kizzle I said that because I wanted you to be jealous...I did miss you kaye.  lol
Ok shit! Some of this is pretty harsh man 
@amhartnett Yes, it's absurd to think they would see it as a negative. I can't imagine any charity turning down funding these days! 
the party was fun! i love my award! :] ima miss the drama seniors  ill see them soon, hopefull
@Kayleigh4Peace - missed u at happy hour. 
It's funny cuz u can't delete iphone tweets. Did I mention @castle03 has a tiny cock? He sent me pics 
@dannerrockzz She is so amazing in person that I don't want to ask for naughty pics out of sheer respect for her. 
I'd rather enjoy starting a Naruto cosplay group....too bad none of my loser...i mean awesome freinds enjoy Naruto the way I do 
#funtweets - &quot;this is your mother speaking!&quot; 
@dannywood NOOOOO! didn't even get my chance 2 c u  Have a safe trip home &lt;3 miss ya already. Can't wait till u Full Service me!
@officialTila damn ur friends is lucky to have u as a friends...*deadly jealous* i want to be one of ur friend 2 ... can u tell me how ? 
Worst headache EVER and I'm not even home yet 
@sweetbratz16 everything haha! converse wtff. gawd i need clothes. my wardrobe is literally EMPTY. it makes me depressed  xxx
@nikkilynette, have fun for me  and btw are u wearing the shoes?
i dont even know how i feel 
I was excited about my first @cremebruleecart experience!  Alas, he's not serving this eve 
what the fuck scout is reserved at the RP i was looking at... 
@WILLYJOY NO! I live too far away to get there quick enough, methinks... 
listen'in too red light by: David Nail. Great song, but I am still upset. Stupid guys. I really like him. ? 
Great Uncle Len passed today. Funeral Monday. 
makes me a little sad everytime i hear it because it reminds me of my grandpa's funeral 
Not happy. Everyone is going for ride tomorrow I'm stuck @ work 
@TotesMcGotes I'm SO jealous!!  You don't kno how lucky you are! Lol. San Diego is my FAV city EVER
Aint feeling too amazing..... 
show was super fun. driving home with howard. my head hurts 
I just realized my HS plays were so good, that i can't enjoy any of the plays my school does. They're not even half as entertaining. 
@kidstylez how u gonna ask for a GoGo n u aint even goin 
awesome lunch date today  work 7-2 tomorrow  then with the boyfriend &lt;3 xo
@BlackBarbie1012 I'm BEAT   already in my pj's..Patron Cafe shots on me next time out, promise..have fun!! Don't hurt them youngns lmao
@laurenpetrow Oh. My. God. That sounds amazing! I wanna do the same! But I don't have a snuggie 
You are in my thoughts @xhalt Great Uncle Len passed today. Funeral Monday. 
@raechl I'm jealous of you right now 
Happy as hell to finally be home. Bummed I'm missing a poetry event  but gotta pay bills till side biz come$ out on top, right?
OMG! Today was my last day of school! I'm so excited for summer but I'm sad to leave my school for 2 months. 
@nickname3girl aw, i'm sorry you were upset earlier. 
poor nicky, depressed bout his stupid ducati  if only they bothered tailoring the bike to suit their other boys instead of the whiny one.
@The_lessa Owie!  I'm glad to hear she fared well!
i feel sick   but there is fun to be had tonite &lt;3
feels like crap ,  , I'm not a princess this ain't a fairytale =(
How 'bout what I did? Had FUN playin' w/the children! Swung at baseballs, hit a few,lol. Flew a toy plane and broke it 
@Nikki_AKA_HSJ funny, pocketwit still has old name saame ifyaa changed pic.. i dont know new name  is @hotsaucejesus ?
he doesnt even get it 
Still trying to figure out Twitter? btw this is the real bootanner! So all you haters can quit trying to be me...jk no one tries 
rats...the one Friday evening I'm on vacation, and it's not working.    I'm gonna go cook something...
@kdubyas I'm upset I didn't get to see them  I might kill myself
@sarahxnoelle me too! we haven't made fun of anyone all day 
Missing all the fun at the zappn launch.   #zappnlaunch
I feel like such a nuisance.  Not depressed. Just, I dunno, down.
One hour left...why am I in the office so late?!?!? Not too excited about coming in tomorrow too 
Yummy boys in tight jeans.  life is so unfair.
I wish I had something fun to do tonight. 
I kinda don't want this week to end.  But I'm excited about Mom and Dad coming home, moving, and stuff happening next week.
@sarahrequiem it's cool at parents they're making me potato cakes! Awesome! Have to do assignment at some point 
@avantgame So apparently glowstick cryptozoo is really fun but utterly impossible to document.  Three chases and not one is postable. 
@feastoffun does Maria Papas still twirl her baton?  This will be my 4th missed Chi Pride 
Awww...my austrailians are leaving @ the airport to bid them goodbye  it's been fun mate.
@chriscynical Aw that is sweet. I was glad too. I still miss him like crazy. 5 weeks to go 
@catherinedk Glad you went! I was living through text updates  Go Jackets!
Totally Chilling with Megan and The BABY and well now sunny too  hahahahaha jk
well that's a whole diff story then, just doesn't sound like it was much fun for ya 
@jadebarnes soo jealous you're going to the beach! sounds like you deserve a break tho! i'm working 60 hours again this week 
Bad week got even worse  in Dallas, TX http://loopt.us/SzeZ3g.t
@awesomeful it's not really a long trip xD I don't know why you think this is so long. And damn  well maybe soon.
Even though I had a lot of fun today, I missed Carter's graduation 
@Steffers91 no i wasnt..  i'm not happy cuz dat
@e71fanatics being such a capable phone, even the 1500mAh battery couldn't keep up and drive it all day 
@Katarinea /cries that's no fun 
so i guess i no longer have a ride to revamp tomorrow. i love how my parents deny me church related activities. needa work this out 
I don't even know anymore! 
Found the best fairy island residential land for rent earlier this week. Thought I LM'd it but didn't!!  Any others out there? #secondlife
Bored out of my mind. My plans for the evening fell through. 
I just burnt myself from trying to take the pizza outta tha oven  &amp; my pizza wasnt even pau.. Haw mayyyun!
i wanna see seven pounds  ... i am gonna watch chowder! yaaay!
@OMSVU I am more depressed thinking about once the finale is over that is it, till the fall 
@tommcfly hope you guys come back soon!! ohh I wanted soo bad to go to that soow! can't believe I missed it!!  but happy you guys enjoyed!
Someone almost smashed into me pushing their cart super fast in the supermarket.  Fun times....
This kitty is going to drive my funds into the ground!  tomorrow I call the vet!
@EsmeACullen  Well glad you had a break! and some quiet I hope!! I am off to bed... still sick  Nighty Night!
i would have gone to pcd/lady gaga if pcd was supporting and gaga was the MAIN EVENT!. but no 
i just want to have fun.  
@Incwell aww thank you sweetie, that means alot. it's for my mom, she passed 10yrs today. very upsetting 
Omfg I'm exhausted and the big stuff isn't even moved yet 
No mentions of the recession friendly bridal planning event on the news i recorded  @SPSInvites @eventsbeyond
My kool-aid tastes funny  I can't even drink it, its gross!
@tommcfly I want go to your concert next tour in Brazil, I'm depressed that will not see you this year 
@thisisbree lotsa things unfortunately like Sprung Monkey- JoJo 
@feorlen That's how events like that always get ruined. 
Sobbed and laughed my way through Up. Cartoons were funnier in my day 
My battery is about die! And i'm not even home yet! This sucks! 
@funimation I was hoping to get a cosplay photo when I did the LA Weekly story. No such luck. 
@stephaniepratt Don't worry about him.  Just someone who is very unhappy with their life and needs to make other people feel bad. Its sad 
#myweakness Funny guys who look good and are smart  And Mexican Food!!!
yea it was no fun almost getting FIRED over twitter 
@thecraigmorris awww  are you taking anything for it? i used to get throat infections all the time, being a singer n all. not very fun
hey i thought i'd get lucky and get to talk to two amazing people today but i guess not. 
is upset he'll miss Jay Leno's last Tonight Show tonight cuz he'll still be at work 
Was updating my distributed agile team's electronic status when FF crashed. Microsoft guy on team wasn't too harsh. IE worked. 
@shutupcase @chelsea_playboy have fun without me kids 
Denver turns it over to start off the half! Steady dose of Kobe and they'll die! Harsh - Kobe airballs it after being all alone! 
@dougiemcfly it's a feather that passes so fast! I wanted to have gone in the two concerts  it's was amazing yesterday! I love your voice
Its all @brownskinbunnies fault that I'm stuck inside with the guys. All fam...not even w/ my guy 
Being down in the dumps. I was happy becasue till now. Today was the last day of school. Summer's here. I FEEL HORRIBLE!!!   urrrr..... 
At the cape, so excited to be here.. It just doesn't feel right without @briannabarbati, come back sooooon please! 
arruinee?? mmm.. you should be proud of me baby.. mmm.. 
@TradeMarkOnAir no fair!  u didn't say where at LoL
@lolporn looks like you've got a pervy match made in Twitter heaven ;) But it isn't any fun that we all can't watch/read 
@kholly  ... wish I was there! Have fun! See you tomorrow! I hope we are sitting with you and Jamie at the reception!
Oh and tenju.. I was kind of upset  There were so many couples there.. it's a lonely world for me!
@ozdj Fanks! Had so much fun with Mr Jansz, he's lovely! Sorry there was no demo  gave my crumble to the staff! #SSMTUP
not happy, I dont understand why people dont just tell the damn truth 
I hate happy couples. 
@sameelea ok i am glad to know i am not the only one that cant follow wentworth miller either.  im sad too
Bad moods are fun. 
@arielwilliams ' calm down 
@RutledgeWood Grrrrr! I can't watch, no cable tv  that's why I'm here waiting for updates and details.LOl I want my cable back! Have fun!
I was rite another wack uneventful nite....borde to fucking tears.....nite guys.....xoxo 
@MojoboTabo  , not trying to be funny but,, how can someone die twice ?
falling all over again for someone you thought you just got over is no fun  And it doesn't help that he won't go on myspace :/
@mcbenites hhahahhaha you make my day happy i think i ve got the swain flu 
@CSI_PrintChick u go girl lol was gona go last nite after wrk BUT my girls had already lft  its all good tho dannys awesome
@Rand0 hoe?? jerk.com.. why did you delete it  so sad!!! the house is great! seriously its been awesome! you should come play!
@toby279 unfortunately, emotion takes over my logic all too often 
Cant even talk to joe without getting moaned at 
@shelleygribbin I ses your Rangers did well, tonight.  My Bulls lost 9-3.    It was so much fun, though...even though you weren't here.
watching house but about to go to bed.. 330am is not that far from now  @ least i'll be enjoying the sunrise in another state w. my horse!
feeling miserable....Episode 8 next saturday june 6th  ... But I made a new SBZ avitar!!!!
@Liz_Hatch Really sorry to hear about the injuries.  Keep us posted on the girls.  Glad you were able to stay out of it. Wanted to see u 
Havin fun away...beach breeze feels nice. im okay even tho Denver is losing at the momment. Boooo!!     BUT yeaaah to the lovely nite &amp; my
Fantastic: Health insurance canceled because bill got sent to wrong address while I was in New York. 
@mybonescostme YESH, I SAW THE PICS.  I'M QUITE JEALOUS.  NO LIT CANDLES FOR MY DISNEY PRINCESS DRESS. 
im at the berrangs and i didnt even try to be here 
@IAMtheCOMMODORE i'm sooo sad, 'cause i couldn't talk to you guys, i've got questions. if you reply me.. that would make me happy 
@IKrocks_ Jacky! I love u girl and i miss u soo much! haha funny uhu? we saw us yesterday and now i'm here missing u DAMN! How is Kary? 
My pants smell funny 
wants the Arctic sea ice news &amp; analysis satellite back up and operational 
@ramsey awesome...I couldn't get that to cooperate  share your secrets, oh wise one
errrrg!! amazing dance today 8 more days of school lol yay and no  wont see patty for 3 MONTHS!!! lol and it was yearbook today
@steelergurl we are too divided unfortunately.     I feel the sentiment tho.
I think I'm going back to to Hotel Cafe tomorrow to see Greg Laswell! Even though I wish I was going back to see Sam tonight! 
@xoizen I'm all about fast Internet.  Tmobile isn't cutting it for me.  3g isn't even out yet for Hawaii 
@RayleneCaceres have fun without me 
I want my cup back... what are the seven stages of grieving? What stage am I at... 
Fun day with the family. Wish my joints weren't hurting. 
Finally watched that damn video.. Wasn't worth much of the wait unfortunately. AJ is becoming a 2004 Nick, BOO 
Depressed to hear new Taking Back Sunday ish when I know Matt Fazzi should still be in Facing New York 
Soccer tourni tomorow, this should be fun while im sick 
i hate this, alot. you do it just to hurt me, and that hurts even more. 
@withloverianeee aww, jealous...nice tropical weathers  lol
Fuck my life, for real. My D&amp;G Light Blue was 3 days old before the bottle shattered. R.I.P.   Anyone wanna donate to the fund...?
@joyfuljeni i thought that said IN nh nd got really excited haha   
eyes closing. i don't want to sleep. actually, i don't want to wake up to a very boring, busy, uni-related day tomorrow 
Thought what I was feeling was REAL...but, just found out what I felt was just my imagination.Miss my boo, and so alone..feel so UPSET! 
@trev_lucy yeah I'm probably moving back home in july my parents can't help me with rent anymore  even w/ 3 jobs Id thi k I can pay rent
I'm out if my codiene and nyquil. fml. Friday is for fun not being sick 
just got home, really tired  mikes was fun though! lol
Thought what I was feeling was REAL...but, just found out what I felt was just my imagination.Miss my boo, and so alone..feel so UPSET! 
@Evil_Sam lucky! Have fun. I am still working on my budget  I am trying to make sure that I have enough saved first.  sorry i am so slow
Had an awesome work out and made another 'ber yummy sandwhich. Now off to say good bye to a great friend 
missed a major concert event today  
@dustytakle They were from the past year. Don't even know for sure what all I lost yet. 
so glad i'm a crybaby. never gonna see half of you again, ever. 
trying to go to bed- call time changed to 7:30am  glad i didnt have any actual plans tonight. [that wasn't sarcasm, it was bitterness].
always seems to watch this episode &quot;House&quot; when she's already depressed.  Damn it all.  It's just -so- sad! 
@LAtheDJ OH. yeah I'm jealous. I want The Sims 3! 
had to cancel all my fun things for today and tonight because of being sick 
@djxdanga hahah. Fun! Nobody will take me to see that. 
This game is no fun! I just wanted a close &amp; intense game  geez.
@scarlettaz @houston_black was upset with me because I didn't pass it either 
headin to da funky phish for my last time ever. it's closing tomorrow 
now I am feeling depressed   I don't like being sick....
LNG F'n DAY  MAH HEAD IS KILLIN ME AND IM TIRED DEN A BIH// BT IM OFF TO DAVE AND BUSTERS FUN TIME
Stupid braces. There goes my fun. 
@Judayy ahah ive only have three..the studio version of that new song is incredible!i really would send you them..but i would be murdered 
it's saturday.long holiday.don't even had any plan. boring.. 
Hynriethreatts: cutie? Really?lol! Well, I hope ur happy about this stupid game! 
@sociaIIyawkward aw no work  ... I will take a few happy snaps this evening ...
so I must go to bed... I have to get to work at quarter to seven... booooo ... I wish I had a day off 
sleeeeeeeeeeep. even thought i'm not tired and i miss my boyfriend like crazy  ; i have work 8am-2pm tomorrow.
workplace is being set on fire tomorrow morning and it sure does suck not having cell reception at work...i've missed so many fun things 
I don't even feel like I was outside for very long but the misquitos were feasting on me 
I'm kinda a little bit sad because I have no phone and just came home to an empty house  ROOMMATTESS COOME GETT MEEEE!!!!! Don't have fun!
My baby boy is now a high school senior. Sr. pics were scheduled before the bell even rang today. 
Watchng Farrah Fawcett Story . Sooo Sad  unbelievable strength and positive energy w/ such a disease..  b grateful 4 lfe its not prmsed
I hate gloomy weather and dry contacts. I wna watch up 
Just went to see Drag Me To Hell....very big letdown  there were some pretty funny parts though but it was supposed to be SCARY lol
@allisonweiss duuude  *huggles* haters gonna hate, they suck
@jayrod9881 Amen to the mic.  I have this amazing mac, but just lack the time. . .  
@nodoubtvw just charged my phone and saw your @. im fat and moping at home so i would be no fun 
@hieronymus yeah maybe amanda doesnt love us enough to find someone to moderate it tonight?  #LOFNOTC
Enjoying a quiet evening at home - packing 
Saw &quot;Up&quot; today (non-3D) with the anim team.  Awesome film!  Easily one of Pixar's finest. &quot;Partly Cloudy&quot; was a fun short. No TS3 teaser? 
@Meadowlea I know  totally unfair - I clearly love him more than her!!!
@xLindziex lol, thats awesome, i put that part super loud on my ipod, cause thats when it sounds like he' talking in your ear, im a creep 
@quartermane Wait, u got tix to see No Doubt tomorrow??! That's SO awesome! I was tryiing to get them so bad this week, but it's sold out 
Oh.. and 1500 isn't even 1/4 of the images to be uploaded 
@cptfunkyfresh i wish i could  why did i have to be born a poor Mexican?!?w
@Smittay ugh. omg. that was supposed to be my shot! last night i figured that i would be editing awesome shots right now. 
@dee_carney Thanks Dee  It's just coz my boys go stay with their dad &amp; I miss them.  Even if they are obnoxious teens LOL
First off, Happy B-Day Melo! 2nd, sorry it looks like you and the rest of the nuggets will be goin' fishin' first not Cleveland. boo hoo 
i have to open tomorrow... me no happy  
says :-&amp; (K) (angry) (annoyed) (bye) :'-(;-) X-(  http://plurk.com/p/x3sxs
What was supposed to be a 30 minute nap turned into a four hour nap. Slept through two alarms. Shitcakes, there goes my evening. 
@DJJAZZYJOYCE you got way too much records yo. now we pack all that on a memory stick. lol. i still aint get saroto yet. i miss records 
@tommcfly HELP I CANT SLEEP!not even listening to all the &quot;silent&quot; songs from McFly &amp; busted help  I tried to sleep for 4 hours
damn, the house ep. where amanda dies is sad as hell  i even cried.
We are stuck in traffic. not fun. 
Depressed again 
@tommcfly HELP I CANT SLEEP!Not even listening to all the &quot;silent&quot; songs from McFly &amp; busted help  I tried to sleep for 4 hours =[
@BluePhoenix1 unfortunately I don't think they're going to... 
just got back from a long bike ride with bf, i feel AWESOME but my bike lock fell off my bike  second one i've lost.
@asktheboater Twitter usually drags too. I'm so happy it's fast tonight. Or maybe I should be sad that I'm at home on a Friday night.  lol
Heading out to see my kids.  Hope everybody at the Hazel and Vine show is having fun - say bye to Nick and Gary for me. 
@DomFeeney I can't beat him  he keeps re healing even after I put the sunlight on him! D:
@Crystal_ESPN I bet! Im so jealous. I wish I were there hanging out with you guys right now.  What's going on? I need details now, please.
Friday night is Family Game Night, minus one...THE ONE.  We'll try and have fun but it's not the same. @MikeNavarro Daddy come back.. ?
iight folks, i'm out. headed to the studio to finish up @cnewland1 SummerJam'09 show cd. leave one, my blackberry is not 100% functional 
fml im stuck watching some abs. HORRIBLE  choir performance while honor society did saynow calls.  so not fair
so upset 
Wow! Nuggets. Only 59 points? Lakers 90? 4th quater? Ugh. I give up. All hope is lost  but happy birthday 2 my love Carmelo. Lmao. &lt;33
still having trouble using nahmean in a sentence - tried it tonight's school fundraiser and failed miserably - kid laughed at me 
Sad part: I haven't even made a week.  boo
#facebook is extremely sluggish right now...to the point where it is not even usable 
Glad the week is done; but we are probably going to have to put down my older cat on Monday.  Its really sad.  
@Azzaroo I met like everyone apart from her, how shit is that man  even gareth met her  twice even!!
@MrBigDreams oh no.. If they lose imma be very saddened  but I'm sure u will be happy!
is having fun all wrong 
@mimilover08 ok thats good baby!  plz if you need to talk just say so! I care so much about you baby! I love you emy! You havin fun?
@onefullyear and @wearebirds im super jealous  I want some
@superduperkya LMAO! Girl you betta not. You not even dark enough to care about that joke. I'm black too. :/ like 15% tho. 
my boyfriend is angry for me 
Unfortunately I think Late Net With Urgo is off for tonight. Going to be working late &amp; probably all day tomorrow  Sorry everyone
@tommcfly Feeling ignored after so many tweets makes me feel frustrated  Doesn't matter tweeting to you is fun anyways LOL
All I wanted was a fun Friday night, but some people know how to ruin anything. I wanna go home 
@Fairbro1994 aww, you're so sweet, my picture's being all weird...it's won't show up on anyone's computer right now. ugh 
@ingridjh almost done eating and mine hasn't even been made yet  http://twitpic.com/68ebc
migrain's really are absolutly no funn  
@cdewaal its really not fair.. For those if is without an iphone. 
I'm a Laker hater but in all honesty Denver just doesn't deserve to win this game  piss me off!!!!!!!
@JMacFrans101 i have asked everybody 2 tell @jennettemccurdy 2 follow me but they dont tell her and even she doesnt reply 
I'm not saying I'm the most interesting person in the world -but why is it that bots/spam not awesomely cool ppl (like urself) follow me? 
Aww @YaYaZxlYkExwHoA im gonna cry!! I see Charlotte doesn't function properly without me 
wants to watch another movie but iTunes wont download very quick  HTLAGI10D was amazing. &lt;3 one of my favorite movies now.
@xsparkage he is the mayor of Gotham, and a good friend of ours...one of the nicest guys ever! he won't even tell us who Richard is! 
@nursekelsey i got REALLY excited for a second there!  unfortunately, i don't see it on their site.    bummer, doood.
@KhloeKardashian Can you even get that station in baltimore? Baltimore sucks! 
Riverbats games are funner when they win  
@MixxedMami213 have fun w/out me... or try to at least... 
Lake not that fun with sick hubby!!  Bless his heart (or belly) 
Tmobile didn't give me a new phone even after I bitched them out and threatened to leave. The best they offered was an upgrade for $50. 
Last pack of Dew #Throwback was flat   Not as awesome as the first two I got in the beginning.  Stocked up...hope they aren't ALL flat.
@hkillings packing  I'm excited but this is kinda depressing
maybe next year the Nuggs will have the heart to play this close to June.   Happy Birthday Mello, Happy Finals Kobe.    P's...P. Jas.
If I can't post an episode today, I might as well sleep now. So annoyed with my stupid computer. Sorry guys. 
@vicequeenmaria Will do  I have amazing videos of the whales and sea lions, but the internet here is so slow, they don't load 
woo woo!! st.louis zoo 2mar thats only thing i can do since i cant go 2 six flags!  but it will b fun ill take lots of pictures
@carolynabolt dude, my voice is FUCKED. idek why! it hurts  but tonight was so much fun, i don't really care haha
@robhuebel GASP! I haven't even followed the man, and I see he's already asking for a divorce. Your dating service sucks! 
@robhuebel GASP! I haven't even followed @mdaniels21 yet, but I see he's already asking for a divorce. Your dating service sucks! 
I dnt think this is a happy birthday fa my baby Melo  lol oh well , I'm ready to see this Lakers/Cavs match-up!!
Today got all screwed around. Kinky didnt come  but i worked for the first time at my newish job! Yay! It was fun!
@fireton  @susanreynolds - start over?  not if it means losing awesome people like you 
@ballhard55 awwww u jus gave me dat funny feelin ..........  
Wow #optus way to go delivering me a voicemail message 30 days late.  FFS. Upset at a missed opportunity 
@DivaWhitney  I'm jealous  .. fast food is addicting &amp; I want some so bad right now lol
Well I feel like vomiting. And it's from being so damn nervous. I don't want to hurt anyone  I just want everyone to be happy..can't do it
Annoyed that I can't seem to draw anymore 
combing out standard poodles is not fun......  
@tommcfly HELP I CANT SLEEP!!!Not even listening to all the &quot;silent&quot; songs from McFly &amp; busted helps  I tried to sleep for 4 hours =[
@PotterEntourage Ahhh!  Well, I AM happy about the baby, but sad for Draco and Hermione 
@DaveTwichell  Sadly Dave, I will not be there.  Don't think I'm happy 'bout that!!
Last evening, standing by the door on the train, I realized &quot;I don't have the capacity to love (this life), anymore&quot; 
@selenagomez I went to the house where you were filming but they said you weren't there anymore, and i had an awesome card for you!  ahaha
@PinkPeonies thanks. It's always so heartbreaking when they feel so miserable 
Yes Tunewiki - blips are a cool feature! Now if my Last.fm listening was being reflected on the Last.fm website I'd be happy 
@lijeyeshaveit  I want to come out but I can't. Next year though should be so fun.
@SookieBonTemps oh sad to hear!  but anyway enjoy u'r time, whatever u do! *smile*
@tommcfly TOOOOOOM. Did you even read @buonotomato's, @bluejeriblue's and my tweets?  Sent you soooo much.
Happy birthday Moodyyy. I am so sorry I missed it. 
And so I go to bed, full of happy, and slightly disturbing, web surfing memories. Goodnight internets, for I must awaken at 5 AM for work 
listening greenday feeling depressed life is not going how i want and i want to do something i promised i wouldnt  cf would be proud
@therealpickler Kellie...cute dog. Enjoy time with ur bro. I dont c my sis (same age as eric) alot. She dont live with me.  Enjoy it!
@superduperkya LOL! I get so angry when people think I'm mexican. 
I feel more sorry for the guy who just lost his hair piece in the wind tho.  . . .  *funny* 
im upset that that lil boy ate my candy bar 
Off to bed early tonight....It's been a long week even with one less day 
don't know what to believe anymore on J&amp;K  ...this was one of my fave show...this turn of events is heart-wrenching to watch/hear
no enjoyment tonite, off to bed 
Anything related to hard surfaces today in Denver isn't so solid. Clint Hurdle was sent packing &amp; so it seems with our beloved Nuggets! 
today someone gift me a . ballon so cool  but it blew away  that someone now is angry with me XD
glad i invite people over @caitlinkirby's house then slept through the whole day. i just woke up 
I just got back from seeing &quot;Angels &amp; Demons&quot;. A nice way to spend a rainy evening. Not enough ambigrams!!   
Had fun watchin my mom break boards at the park 2day..an im hella fried..i need some aloe vera! 
Looks like no game 7 for me  but also happy.  Lets go Lakers!!!
@vipviolet So jealous. Applebees doesn't come close 
@amandagirrrl omg I'm jealous  not about the babysitter part though lol
@yeahprobably it's more fun when there are crazy macros going around...   But I &lt;3 the #GQMF tag.
Go Lakers!!! I'm in a rlllllllllllly crappy mood &amp; kinda have been all week  idk whats wrong, but I've just been really depressed lately.
It's so hard not knowing what to do when you are upset at your bf about something thats touchy to talk about. i have a knot in my throat 
Home from The Wizard of Oz. It was amazing, totally worth my friday night! Too bad my sister had to ruin my good mood 
in bed -- eventually sleeping, stupid work tomorrow.   nighttt twitter!
Pop concert was amazing to be in. I want to be happy, but im upset. 
Getting hug before bed fr old friend I'm visiting=happy. Cold&amp;damp huge spot on arm of my pj shirt fr their wet beard=sad. 
@itschristablack i know it would be awesome, i wish yall come back to puerto rico 
Phillip, Anthony, Leonard, Roger, Joel, David. Film criticism is nuts. 
so Nix and I can't go to Fashion Week tonight  Bummer! So here we are bidding Angge a happy Fashion Week trip haha!:-*
@TheRealJordin i cried at that story at the half...all i can think about is how upset he must be right now! 
Im so excited for school to be out. I want to be a youtuber 
Happy weekend to everyone. I'm laid up in bed. I think I have the pig virus. 
is too tired to function 
letting her enjoy the night and be distracted from the reality that im not there with her.. 
yep i've decided that ice skating is NOT fun anymore haha 
@amonfocus ashamed to say somebody's Grandma put a piece of cake in my bag on my way out &amp; I gladly accepted 
@robkardashian  Congrats.....ur buddy Adam is not a happy camper  
Won't be seeing the end of the game. The bartender got upset and turned the tv off already  #boobadlosers
@mrobertsonumd My local theater isn't playing it in 3D sadly.  but it was awesome. I can't say enough about it.
Ugh. Getting home frustrated. Love is complicated and i'm currently distraught. . . 
misses my BFFs--Bday Girl @ShaQuanda2 and my @tru_gemini as they're partyin it up in ATL right now!   Have fun monkeys!
am super happy! mumma is home! that means food, cookies, love and more love!  we all miss her when she is gone 
@missfuntracy what you stealing my songs for?   I miss you!  
We're gonna watch Family Outing later!! So excited! I love Chunderella and Stepmother Sooro! I feel a little bad for Chun Hee, though. 
@Tiffzeroseven the dress looks really good on her! I miss them 
PMike and Ketsia were here, bittersweet because I was glad to see them but it made me realize how much i really miss everyone, and church 
@kingsthings welcome to chicago enjoy the game... im redsox fan living in chicago 
is starting a paper on homicide investigative techniques...FUN 
@onelastsunrise you definitely do need to send them to me. I have been afraid to even look at my SR photos. the lighting was terrible 
@amberlrhea  Gosh, I'm jealous.  I miss my pole.  
@miss_kelicious awww man I finish on the 8th  But never mind we can always meet up after that, so go go enjoy your movie! 
Just found out about da game  very depressed
@ellennnn you didnt have fun with me? 
@austinburns awesome - you rock.  Kris Allen at Disney  Sad face for missing. ooh you also tweeted Jim Abbot's...  how's el social?
@moregrits well i bought a hard &amp; soft taco kit cuz everyone likes soft but i like hard... i ate like one taco tho, i wasnt even hungry 
@ImCorrieuR I'm glad your happy. My phone has been getting texts off the hook about the Lakers..so not a Kobe fan  GO Magic lol
Once again funemployed, even though I know it's not permanent, always feels like it. Don't want to seek, want to acquire and maintain. 
I just sent a message to CHASE bank contesting that $50 fee, I NEED THAT MONEY BACK DAMMIT! I plead my case, and I hope they refund it. 
i have to work in the morning  booo no fun!
Lakers blew the McNuggets out!!! LOL *_* Wish I could enjoy the sun but I'm photosensitive 
@ILUVNKOTB Well I was drunk a little while ago. I'm a bit more calm now. Sucks you have to work tomorrow!!! 
@G3tfly aww thanks baby! Love u and miss u!!! Ima try to have fun but itd hard since your not here 
@realpaulwalker....I'm with ya! I'm sooo ready for a fun/relaxing summer!  Not holding my breath though, still gotta be a grownup 
@tonfue hey whats wid no responses??? making me feel depressed...  
Hanging out with chris, @mikey_ura, john, emily and kristen.... Celebrating johns last day in east lansing 
@BlueSuede31 i wanna be drunk! i quit drinking liquor..so even though Im still QueenBacardi im not Queen Bacardi  drink one for me 
@jeremya  SRSLY...haven't even Gotten* to writing yet...sheesh.  Boo...Hiss.
@anneheathen rock on! somewhat related, lent hubby Slippery When Wet &amp; he didn't get it. Sadness 
@NYC_CoachO Unfortunately yes ABC owns the Finals  
going to bed!! Have to get up and take David to washington! BLAH!! So not happy! 
Its a brilliant sat noon and i'm stuck in camp  - http://tweet.sg
#lofnotc a rainy evening filled with letter-writing and internet poker... not too bad. but i have no wine  this is a sad tragedy
@sallyhunt: Yep, it was FANTASTIC! I didn't like the last Christmas special much, though.  But yeah I'll miss Tennant!
shit, I can't even follow my best actor wentworth miller  upset
@StacyHead on call me no fun 
@badgersprite BPD Musical - Be afraid. Be very afraid. At work. No chatzy tonight, unfortunately.  On work comp. not my laptop.
@kybabe1001-I am so jealous. I wanna be in bead with @eviemarie0493. Threesome sometime soon? Y/Y? Have fun while I watch VH1 all alone. 
@SuperJennie10 knowing that you think guyliner is too gay for me- makes me &lt;3 you SO MUCH MORE! Have fun tonight- Im jealous 
@kweeneverything Noooo.  Not enough cash. Haven't even seen Terminator yet. Boo life.
Follow @DEENAJONEZ even tho i missed her release party  shes on the come up. a diff type of female rapper and extremely cool!
@sarahjannee sounds like fun but its study for me 
Ok, I'm having very inappropriate sexual related thoughts about the Sheriff standing in front of me 
@thiqchik oh that's what's up love I'm glad you close cutie cuz I'm new there and need a friend.   
The best girls to hang out with + river walks - ankle sadness  + campfire s'mores = a beautiful summer evening.
@ladyltattoos iTotally didn't even realize how l8 it was. dammit. we'd never make it b4 1 
@francesannmance  i'm jealousssss! I miss our neverending foodtrips w/ MBL!! Let's hang out after 45267835years. Okaaay? See youuuu!
back from the beach   pool tomorrow, and operation pack my life away begins tomorrow evening
Apparently my 2 bottom wisdom teeth weren't satisfied with coming in straight &amp; instead have decided to go BACK into my gums. WTF + owwww 
@WeyW thank you so much for coming out &amp; supporting me today! it was wonderful seeing you before you left for the whole summer  drive safe
@eventide89 Stop being a jerk and get a new char to play with me and dawn on my ten day trial! 
2day was my bro's 5th grade dance. he had fun. lucky him. 2day was also the 8th grade dance but i couldnt go cuz im in 7th grade. 
@mhisham dont remind me... i felt miserable when i woke up... 
My exciting Friday evening plans: looking at the Kaiser website for health coverage. Got a bit late for game, and there's no dancing. bah 
@TheYoungDiva u dnt even sleep at all I guess .. 
Watching the Tonight Show with Jay Leno for the last time.  I'm glad Conan is coming back soon though.
says oh boredom  Saturday's are supposed to be fun http://plurk.com/p/x448m
@ievenwrotethis I understand I think it is AT&amp;T that won't allow the handset protection plan. My 3g went swimming so in same boat as you. 
@trainable_girl 4  but we can plan something for tomorrow evening? god idk what to do about my phone ugh i hate tmobile so freaking much
@EvanLevy I'm so jealous I'm not with you and @auto_de_fe and @natureunderfire 
@KrystalChanae I know!!!  I couldn't even watch the end of it!! SCREW THE LAKERS!!
my brother graduated! im so proud of him. it was freaking hot in there though. 
About ready to shut Overlord off for a long, long time. Even with FAQs I can't figure out what I need to do here.  Sadness, cuz it's great
wondering why I'm still awake. Today was crazy busy and tomorrow is going to be even busier 
Lazing around the house is so fun if you actually have something to entertain yourself with...  haha soooo bored ryt now...
@matrocksteady Awww I'm sorry. And you just bought that light too.  And congrats on the twoosh.
@MabelStanley Perhaps not. Suck about your TV.  Find something good about the weekend. I am happy I get paid and to see Up tomorrow.
toys r us doen't even have it  oh well
@neilhimself congratulations! hope that coraline musical reaches asia. the movie hasn't even been shown yet 
well isnt that just wonderful. my face. (( i hate whatever is making me have whatever is going on with my face 
Watching Leno's last show. Kinda bittersweet. 
its official.... i picked a yukon denali.... hows that for ya! im so excited! and i sure do not want to go to school tomorrow! LAME! 
wonders how she'll survive on her meager &quot;pay&quot;.  http://plurk.com/p/x45dk
fav part of today-having a fun time at auditions. least fav-screwing up &amp; freezing in front of judges &amp; resulting in not makin the team! 
I'm being held hostage at home by one very upset tummy 
@Mami2Mommy yea but i havent been in years. probably not even close to being the same 
So proud of my military hubby, but it still sucks when he has to leave for training... 
@legacy62 good night? I didn't even know you were back  catch ya later!
@NathanWhelan i'm so excited for/dreading your last Finer Things Club meeting 
Enjoying a vaudeville night at the prestige bar. Not performing though 
... in actual fact I'm just preventing myself from becoming the next hunch back. sorry old ppl 
@awesomeful uhm, duh I've got the Hello Kitty blanket covering me xD still cold though 
Ugh I need to work on a login/profile section of this site and I don't even know where to begin 
Got nothing to wear for tonight's event! 
finished watching prison break...SOOOO GOOOOD but SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SAAADDD  bloody good show..finished it off fantastically
@AiyerChitra yeah... if no one's going to gift it, I'll have to buy one eventually. no one loues me  and where did you run away?
@jubiesparklez she has a fever and she has a santacruzan thing tomorrow evening 
Just found out my favorite cousin got married and i didnt even know about it 
Just woke up from an awesome nap!  still feeling under the weather though.
missin him an he not even thinkin bout me 
went to graduation; twas amazing. im going to miss them! 
@beckyingj Yep. into next year at the high school even 
@RecoverHealth Appreciate it ... but unfortunately link isn't working 
@wilshipley amen! And if your wieless connection sucks like mine does it's even worse! I miss Verizon FIOS 
I'm so jealous. I missed the last TBM show, and i know my friends are all out having a blast. I'm so homesick. 
@steadytherue  Love their technology, but hate their cheap design.  All their plastic breaks. 
is laying in bed with sidda hopper and my greggy bear...i wish gregory steven were here. 
@desjoyhutadjulu lo abis dr bdgs bok? gileee, I feel left out 
@sigmamakeup I pre-ordered about a month ago n I never got the e-mail for the Complete face n eyes kit  ..i was so excited about it too..
ahh i have to sell some of my records to fund summertime fund...  my bright eyes boxset is going bye-bye for 200 bucks
great Shavuot dinner at friends. Going to watch the English football  final tmrrw with a friend. Dont even know who's playing  
im going to sleep and to enjoy the weekend! because next week I have to study too much 
@mcuban can you hook up Comcast to DirecTv in Phila too?!?!?  They want fans, but don't even give Comcast Phila or Ch8 to DTV customers.. 
One tweet today. Have bad headache  Awesome seeing Kevin. Had a great night. Things are good for now. Time for sleep. Bye.
btw you watch eachother every day! mmhm i saw him graduate 2day! this sucks its summer im suppose to be happy n i could tell he was sad 2 
i'm sick   and i'm definitely not enjoying this time of college as much as i'm supposed to....
My sister Tonya and I looked up my grandma's house on google earth the other day. It looked amazing. I cried a lil. I miss her so much. 
Had a great time at the rehearsal and is excited for Mike and Niki tomorrow. Really missed my wife today though. 
KYLE MADE ME SOME PURPLE DRANK! FuuuuuuuUuuh yeah! Patron&amp;JollyRanchers . . ..  my dawg keeps coughing . . . Goooodniiight
Bout to get my gamble on, somthing about winning $ is soothing after an awful evening. 
I'm getting a lot of work done! It's a very productive day.   I just wish P.D. would BE QUIET! She's even more annoying than usual! 
@toadie_13: not fair! Ur home already! I'm still driving 
@mplested lol I don't know...    I am at total loss for promo ideas.  Maybe you could trash the show or praise it sarcastically.
Just finished playing Mahjong. I am so bad at it. Actually, I can sometimes beat my mum but my sisters cheat.  Haha.  Excited 4 the dance.
#myweakness is when I get upset then Michael's upset and I'm upset because Michael's upset 
@HappySantaCruz I haven't seen the PINK UMBRELLA guy around lately   would love to make him a brand spankin' new pink outfit w/ pink boa!
The rain right now reminds me that school time is indeed fast approaching... and i don't even have my sched yet 
Holy crap my head is THROBBING! where the h did this come from? no booty shaking 4 moi 2nite..left 4 the club n couldnt even c straight 
im going to sleep and to enjoy the weekend, because next week I have to study too much 
@tobeabother so jealous! haven't gotten mine yet. 
@NoRaptors  why do people even act like they care? Don't you want me to be happy? 
@softeyes It was fun, and I love you loads. I tried to call Heim, but I got the same response she's given me since before my birthday. 
Car won't start!  I'm going to fight with it around 3ish! Too excited @jennknitsalot
watching spongebob cuz there's nothing better on. grrr..........amanda still never texted me.  not fair.....
@jjx re 6/3: can't be there!   My schedule has taken on critical mass and is about to form a singularity. Will it be recorded?
@mstrbrightside lol stop it with the old talk! i'm jealous. i only started watching conan after maybe year 3 and i never saw jon's show 
back from the ballpark sadly Brynlee's team lost, she's very upset. 
thinking that pulled muscles don't sound like much fun at all 
@daLoved1 Awww      Would've been fun!
@mitchelmusso ahhh I live in NJ but it's like 5hrs away  have an amazing time and goodluck! nj soon ;) please ?
ITS NOT FAIR 
@TwistedHelen i was tooooo tired to function last night 
@sonzilla yeah... Sick as. It's not cool being sick on a sunny weekend 
gossipgirl14_that was the most amazing episode of the hills, it was so sad,i want lc and heidi to patch things up 
NIKE missile exhibit was closed today   But great hike on Mt Tam &amp; awesome meal at Mtn Home Inn - eyes crossed deliriously! 
@TheEllenShow  that's very upsetting oh well..
step one week of the AMAZING! concert of @Jonasbrothers in argentina! I want another concert again !!!!! 
omg that was so boring.... why so serious, danny? they didn't even ask him about scream on   lol
@Stevosauruss that would be great!! I tried all ways but no luck!  sounds like u guys had fun!!
omg that was so boring.... why so serious, danny? they didn't even ask him about dream on  lol
@e_lee2008 ugh that aint fair get me in for free too! i dnt have $12  but im a send u my # on fb call me 2mrw cuz i really wanna go
im going to sleep and to enjoy the weekend, because next week I have to study too much 
@bananza I'm glad you enjoyed the cupcake! Sad that the twitpic doesn't work on my phone! 
Very upset  I can't believe my Nuggets lost to those ugly Lakers... ugh
I watched Dancer In The Dark yesterday.. Love this movie, so sad though  Bjork was brilliant!
dance was awesome...i cried tho  lol
:s last night in South Dakota!!!!  sad to have to say bye to everyone, but excited for what is to come!!!!
had an awesome time hanging out with Uncle Donnie and Aunt Cheryl. I wish they'd move here... 
HAPPY LUNCH! We're having shrimp for lunch! ;) They didn't buy crab... 
@Alyssa_Milano That is so sad about those dogs. I made the unfortunate mistake of selling 2 of my schnauzers to a puppy mill and one died 
i'm jealous of everyone at weekend in the wilderness. i wanted to go. 
@ really doesn't want to work tomorrow  I just want a week off, that would be awesome!
I'm still so happy my @Lakers won. I knew they would win. Boo hoo Nuggets 
@funtimeshelly I'm so sorry to hear about your dog. 
@jimmyfallon not even as Barry Gibb? 
getting hot in here...can't enjoy the sunny day 
@crittyjoy Becky getting to see Christy Nockels... 
work is getting unbearable 
I can't believe how ur close friends can just be the biggest jerks to you when what ever happens isn't even your fault 
@sundavish home unfortunately! 
@JustN_82 envious. I want the whole weekend off!! 
@beckywilliams06 tomorrow  I'm not happy.
so excited to sleep in tomorrow...til 9:30. LOL  one week til yankees!!! goodnight!
@GatorCarrie Sorry to here about the Internet    Have fun at work ...
@jeffarchuleta haha David was AWESOME!! unfortunately i couldn't win tickets on time  but i had a few friends in the audience!! 
@danalalevee glad you just nearly crapped...too bad mboro isn't cool enough to have them or whole foods. 
no longer going to the beach   but going to greenville with emily in the morning! fun! had a pretty rough day though
@24websurf Glad to hear that I'm not the only one, but sorry it's harder than I thought it would be. I only found 2 takers so far. 
got myself a case of mastitis.  NOT fun 
@sexysustainable I been there girlfriend,  its no fun 
Im thinking suzuki should bring back the 2-stroke because eventually my poor RM 250 is going to call it quits and I don't want a thumper. 
@JulyDiva  I'm jealous I want u 2myself besidez Delisa lol enjoy ya nite sis
Tweeting: isn't as fun as it used to be. 
@Levenah okay i'll go on my wii right now and no i don't have skype 
YARN!!! STRETCH!! well itz tyme 4 mii 2 hit thee sheetz...gotta go to work n the AM..4 thoze who r n D.C. im so jealous..havFun4Mii 
@Rawr_tadkay hey, that joke was funny  oh gosh, one more thing i suck at,telling conventional jokes. boo
Where is 'my freedom' that every1 talks about I cant bite on anything I want, I cant go anywhere I want to, cant even poop when I want to 
Fucks sake! I can't even bleeding jog... stupid knee hurts after falling of the trampoline! Can life get any worse? Oh yeah, school soon! 
@stylishstepho I don't know  he's done. This Corey Holocomb guy is pretty funny too.
@katie_haman, well he was probaby focused on getting wasted haha, but it was fun even though I had to resign early 
@Smarttwinkie WHY?!!??!?! Now you're even meaner!  
had fun at alex's... even though i didnt get to finish the movie 
@weiseldog I no I think u might be right about me bring a horny guy. But I truthfully do enjoy talking to u. Sorry 
i miss playing guitar hero!!! even if i always lose.. boooring day 
when I relax my face, I look angry 
@anony269 I miss the dolls too  have fun in glenelg! I know cant believe the weather is SO nice when the dolls leave LOL
@x__RyFi lakers .. Even tho I only got to watch bits and pieces of the game cuz I was at work 
Fucking, shit. I AM NOT USED TO DYING FOR NO REASON. I don't even have any cold symptoms except the worst headache ever. Jfc. 
i want to get bite by a shark. ava says no  twitter nation help make her see how awesome this would be
@DanyellJoy it's sad I'm home alone on a Friday night. I drank to much beer and have a sick tummy 
haha.. why spoil the fun   http://twitpic.com/68kyv
@AllEyeszOnMe everyone is good... you know still in AZ... sucks i dont spend as much time w/them as i wish  so enjoy ur time w/ur fam now!
Is frustrated with the flickr app that won't install on her blackberry! 
I am fucken irritated!!!!! 
@proclaimedfreak: Miss you too  meh...this is nooooo fun.
just had coffee and im still terribly sleepy. ha no fun 
@mszjoycii oh fun  whats it about?
Today ended up pretty fun. I guess it's all been inside my head, but I still have that burning feeling inside. 
@sonnie_inkstar  i cant even have come back for that! :/
Missing our dog who's lodging this wkend @ Happy Tails Pet Lodge. They feed them pancakes on Sun. &amp; give them play dates. Still miss him 
@JJtheflexdoll yeah!!!! forshhowwa girlfriend! no i didnt  im sooo hopeless! ummm i got burts bees lip gloss, uh..mascara and foundation.
@sjwoodr I've had dogs before... that's never fun! 
@tinajenny  Awww! See, Faith still barely talks so I didn't even know  Picturessss! Did she take pictures, I wanna see!
helping graham pack up his house for the next week...not exactly excited about it 
Leaving the game to catch the train home. #D-backs will lose  unless they pull off an awesome 9th. Even #fireworks don't interest me.
@jackyj510 OMGGGGGGGGGG UR WITH SHANIA!!!!!! OMG OMG...TELL HER AND BRANDON I SAY HI !!!! LOVE THEM! SO JEALOUS. 
@asdavis10 you tried to go to bed and didnt even say goodnight to the nightshift! gah!!! looks like tonight is going to be fairly dead 
@JoyceCamp thank god, yes i am. i just dented the hell out of the hood, and it left a turd on the headlights 
@kellycisco moi = brilliant? aw shucks thanks, blush.. sorry to miss you present yesterday  heard + comments! ttyl and have fab weekend
Fantastic day on Kauai - rented a standup paddle board (harder than it looks but still not that hard), swam, read, lounged. 1 more day 
@MissSabrinaSin wow fun haha. a life of a working girl 
So glad that this is my last early shift for a while. Can't stand this wake up 
Damn. Nevermind. I'm not even interested in Leno tonight. And it's his last show. and CONAN is on it.  I must be semi-depressed, boo
Show was really good and fun. I wish my bestfriend would have went though 
Me and my prom date don't even match...lol  o well we'll figure somethin out
Confession: I'm jealous of #homebirth -the idea has always intrigued me-but pg#5 was high risk &amp; we were too worried. 
@LilyofOz I tried to comment on a blog post of yours, an incredible piece of pure romance, but I couldn't for some reason  beautiful tho
@Trijnie Happy belated birthday. Was out of office and on the road, so I missed it. 
Needs to work out more  ok goal this weekend to get my butt put for a run and enjoy the sunshine ?
@The_Block_2009  you should have...their alot of fun..you would've had a blast! and I got to meet Jordan! and you get to meet alot of  ...
@rt_nuggets I LOVE KOBE =] sorry you guys lost tonight  i loved Nuggets too. i just preffer Lakers. &lt;/3 but you guys did really AMAZING
@morganlissette OY! that's not fair at all. you suck.  butistillloveyoumoar.
@johncmayer i am the most jealous person in the world right now!! i love and miss japan 
didnt even get to say hello. didnt even wave  i wasted my evening on that silly kids movie??
i'm bummed. i wanted to eat FREE food. LOL Okay, now i'm trying to decide what fun thing we can do for tomorrow! I wanna go to LB 
@gab_iii I'm totally jealous of your hat and your shirt 
@fashionablyl8 @tiano3 aww  wish i cud come i miss u guys and that does sound lik fun!!
is frustrated that i cant upload a twitter picture  sad
@KimKardashian I can't get through @KhloeKardashian 's radio show!! Were you successful in calling? I cant even hear it online, wont work 
@_htepope_ even its hes your best friend? One of the few ppl you can talk to wo reservation? No, i cant. I only have few friends left 
is debating whether to go to her 7-yr old cousin's bday party &amp; risk infecting the kids. &quot;HAPPY BDAY! here's a fever!&quot; oops. maybe not. 
@Zesylene I will Z, it doesn't happen very often around, unfortunately I'm too tired 2night to enjoy it 
@jennyGPA oh we should totally try to meet up! even if your can't do VIP  lol-ah btw, my dad says i HAVE to find a guardian b4 the concert
@SoulGlowActivtr I sowwy.. i totally took that wrong..  but seriously Thevinners should get exclusive content anyway.. lol
Oh no I missed the last Tonight Show with Jay Leno.  I kind of wanted to watch even though I don't usually. I forgot today was Friday.
definitely a little bitter that all these tweeps are partying hard in SF and i am laying here watching Babylon 5 cause i am a loser. 
Im kind of sad my birthday is over and @therealpickler didnt wish me happy birthday 
man, all these couples were at angels &amp; demons, and it made me all emo, even tho i have a bf, he didn't see angels &amp; demons w/ me 
I wish he was interested enough to learn something about me.  Fairytale complete.  
@mnrmg is a sock hater  lmao
@idlewild_ Sadly it's a not-exactly-fun point 
@Theheartsong oh now that sounds like fun! Two of my kids have accts. Sierra said to find her..but she has no profile pic 
@m_callahan aww that sucks I know how ya feel..even tho we don't know eachother and this is probably weird but I'm sorry 
saw Rent tonight.. omg. amazing.  so crushed that i didnt get to meet the cast. 
@jimmyfallon you had me cracking up last night about &quot;kate plus 8 minus jon&quot;...too funny...but too sad at the same time 
mmhmm no mood  but oh well its a nicesunny day, i plan to read my book instead of doing work though..but i dont think i shld la.
Should I give up? Or should I just keep chasing pavements? Even if it leads me nowhere? HELP! 
@ubersquid, stop making me want to punch you. i'm so jealous. 
Everyone needs to try a TankaBar!! Haven't had one in a few months..   ima need a supply for all my summer events!!!
@sara_ray2 and dont even say anything back to waht i said 
have to get up early tomorrow and i'm not happy about it 
Yay, get to spend the day being a tired bastard cos Maddie thought it'd be an awesome idea to wake me at 5 bloody am, can't sleep now... 
@tweakk32  ooh...kinky. jk. i hope you have fun. i have to get off  but i'll call you tomorrow [i promise] ttyl
ok this is getting me annoyed. i started a discussion on DA.com and another person followed my topic. that's call stealing! 
it's really hot, there's even no point denying it anymore 
Show was awesome! Thank you guys soo much for coming out! Still pretty angry about my cologne, though. 
@Porsche911UK enjoy and be safe!!! I am jealous. 
    I just cut my beard off. It's only been growing for well over a year. I'm gonna start it over. @shaunamanu is happy in the meantime.
little abang Rykal has got high fever.. My poor baby boy.. He's so miserable.. 
@Gary200 ya they were awesome! But people at work weren't taking him seriously Bc of them  so he deleted them.
@rOmaBeauTy a guy friend who has been flaking out for 3yrs, and was finally in town, not even on his money, and left cuz I got mad at him 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
@KhloeKardashian i can't get through  but i'm listening and your awesome!!
@vegetoise And here I am still a virgin  I'm very much jealous of you sire.
ck: The McDonald's chicken fajita was my absolute favorite thing back when they had it.  Also the Arch Deluxe was pretty awesome.
So annoyed, and not feeling well...smh 
@mj_ella i'm just glad that i have someone else to talk to about this...cause everyone else thinks i'm crazy 
@MJLeakyCon people are sending you RESUMES?? wow... that's awesome!! alas.. i have no volunteer resume 
the purple sunbird's wife is here. not even half as pretty bt a great photo-op nevertheless. i think they'v abandoned the nest they made 
waaaah! i am sooo upset right now that my internet is slooow! so many youtube videos to watch so little download  why dad? why? =(
@ddlovato i'm so happy 4 u &amp; sel!! i can't wait 4 both of ur albums they r gonna be beyond amazing!!  if only my dreams would come true 
@ILUVNKOTB You are very welcome. Unfortunately my venture to Sonic did not end in a Snickers blast slathered in a caramel syrup goodness. 
@tommcfly even a &quot;dude, get a life&quot; or &quot;go and spend your time doing something useful, like studying math!&quot; would be nice  x
I think #DavidArchuleta's band members should twitter.They'd be really funny! Missing them. 
@ddlovato madison is the cutest thing alivee. she doesnt need to be frustrated over paps  im sorry ur sister has to go through that&lt;3
@ddlovato i want your sis to let me follow her but she won't im sad  you guys are amazing!!!!
@Levenah haha you guys are fucking owning me 
@haems  Fun to drive too. I miss the good old days of driving heavy machinery. 
@ddlovato aww that's sad.  poor girl ha but you're right, paparazzi suck to the MAX. they even annoy me majority of the time.
I want new myspace friends  even though i never go on there haha
@BendyyStrawz yeah I see you like mikey better   you even chose to tweet him instead.
had TONS of fun with my cousin but really wish she didnt have to go back home to iowa 
the beauty of being inspired is that you produce a lot of pages..unfortunately, too bad its all gibberish due to smoking some horrid weed 
 effin deceit!!!! I'm upset
@RealKidPoker that sucks  what is your next event ?
susan sarandon &amp; julieanne moore make everything more awesome.. Also our internet is out, 
Holy shit tonight was horrible...and I don't even have any beer left 
@ms_imajin lol yes thats exactly what you have 2 do! but ur right  I should come out and have fun
Stoked, found i had 4 unopened PS3 games in my DVD drawer... unfortunately i have a tonne of reading to do... back in the draw they go. 
Awesome..my fav ring just broke 
@GeneralTekno hrmm.. still not sold on him. I really don't like his look  sorry. Tribal tatts are awesome though.
Fuck everything ever about being sunburnt  but i did get to jetski and wreck a jetski today,so i had fun ^.^
enjoying my 1st cocktail of many tonight...nooo, it's not ciroc   i know im sad too
coding advInter is much more fun than infostudio 
@mileycyrus aw buttercup i'm sorry  listen to some happy music that always makes me feel better. Or watch The Little Mermaid
I can't use my right hand with my mouse  I'm going to try a Evoluent  VerticalMouse so see if I can't fix my wrist.
@mileycyrus dont feel  be happy!  There's nothing prettier than a smile!
Sad to say bye to Jay Leno   But lovin' Fallon!! SO awesome to see the Roots every night!! Freestylin' baby!
@mileycyrus humm I feel the same  come on girl we have to be happy, i support you (:
@marshallsheldon even if you don't follow back they still send tweets. We don't have a Macy's in Alaska 
@mileysupportrs1 I think she feeling  because she cannot figure out how to make her fans and Justin co-exist peacefully........
Gokey oh no, I guess I'll be praying about your luggage again. I know it's not funny.  
@kirstiealley  Hello &amp; glad u r happy girl! lol...  I'm   as my brother, age 59 had a stroke at work wed.nite &amp;not well today.Please pray
i headed to cali, for my cuz'z funeral. hella sad. 
got a blackberry and the &quot;a&quot; key doesn't work...that's an unfortunate problem  Why do I have such terribly luck recently???
@bwank Glad to know your night is as much of a resounding success as mine 
@twilightfairy ya but where do you stay which makes all these exotic birds pay a visit. All I get is pigeons and crows 
@kirstiealley Hello &amp; glad u r happy girl! lol... I'm  as my brother, age 59 had a stroke at work wed.nite &amp;no.. http://bit.ly/f4l7A
@rubescubes2 This page is upsetting me  What does my profile look like? I can't see it.
@mileycyrus whenever i feel  I think of what and who I have in my life and am grateful for it &amp; them
i wish i could have fun poop convos with my roommate 
Ballgame was fun, but angels lost 
PMG off the cuff the MK video is very happymaking....not up till 2 mrow   
Don't even have to know the score. A Twitter search for Denver tells me all I need to know.   oh well, we got -some- excitement this  ...
It's SAD when you ENJOY reading your chemistry book 
@MargieThiel i honestly don't know what is going on, my wonderful little neighborhood is rapidly declining. 
@Teanah At least you just didn't get off of work then have to get up less than seven hours later for hapkido to close again at midnight 
Finished S02 Terminator: The Sarah Conner chronicles and I have to say I'm feeling a little depressed; A lot of the story is untold. 
ugh..i attempted to bake cookies. FLOP! mom is even clowning me 
valley fair tomorrow!!!!! last parade/ concert for ms marching band... im gonna miss that...  a lot 
http://twitpic.com/68nhr - I lost my picture with Per Atle, my stepfather  It was so awesome. I hope I'll find it.
@AwesomeFrank  yes i know. But i wish i didn't.
Just lost in the semis  super tired. It was a really close game tho, now i gotta rest for tomorrow's event
@Nic2thaizzole i want some...jealous 
my leg hurts to bag, all cut up and bruised. not really funn, 
Today was fun and sad lol, last B day for seniors 
I spoke too soon @ widget looking fine. Have restarted. Should be fine for today now. Not happy 
spent all evening canvassing the neighborhood looking for my missing cat.  No luck. 
@htodd You didn't even invite me to the Zoobrew 
@minervax glad to have you aboard! sorry about the gfx card 
@AwesomeFrank you're not stupid 
@michemo no plans as of yet mama....that sounds like FUN! Too much fun actually lol! We are liable to ack a damn fool..feel better sweets 
@ddlovato hahaha. ur sisters sound awesome. Yall enjoy your vaca together. wish I was there to meet yall  I would prob do a happy dance.
I didnt even get to get anything fun lol, like eyeshadow or lipglass  oh well haha... I really needed these two.
is very upset 
Love hotel gyms i can hit it for ever and they have awesome stuff. My mom said i have to stop though  
I miss her  atleast theres tomarro! Its going to be fun! Cant wait 
@Rainbow4vr i dont pity u, u stlll havent sent the pic n u could be havin fun w me right now instead of your dyke camp trip. 
 I can't even explain it
@ddlovato please demi, respond to me   I'm your fan! hahaa.. u ar so awesome !!
@foiledcupcakes I just moved back north to Des Plaines  hope you have a wonderful Naperville summer. What happened with your website?
Last evening, standing by the door on the train, I realized &quot;I don't have the capacity to love, anymore&quot; 
@josecastillo Yes, I feel bad about it too. We're very lucky! I have seen a steady stream of unemployed friends this week, no fun 
@erin82883 kk! thanks for being awesome erin! you are the best! catch you later, gotta sleep now. stupid work 
Is annoyed at people inflating bids on ebay- argh!!! If the price on this thing goes anny higher i'll have to quit 
hey ppl im soo bored  trace cyrus is awesome
@ZomberellaMcFox awwww  even with kristen there?
~wishing I didn't have so many CHORES to do tomorrow so I could CREATE in my craft room!   NOT FAIR!
I need to get back to work on my debate.  I'm watching my dad game. It's funny.
Starting to get a little tired,  lol but yeah im so excited to start school... its just a hop skip and a jump away june 1St bitches
feeling sad...my 8yr old son just found out 2nite that santa claus, the easter bunny &amp; toothfairy aren't real... 
Mica I saw Night at the Museum tonight. Some laughs. Not as good as the 1st. Micaenjoyed it though soI was pleased. Popcorn 4 dinner. 
@PhillyGirl528 Awwwww I'm so sorry  I hope you had a wonderful birthday!!!! What did you do? Did you have the day off?
Souppy found an awesome Alicia cosplay on Yahoo! Japan, though it saddens me the boots are the wrong colour  we can't buy more shoes waugh
@POPPORNBLOG @brianstreetteam No. I snorted it all.  It was my birthday not his I got jealous.
@StephBella I guess I'm not funny enough..not everygirl i meet wants to have a threesome 
Curse of the vegetarian at a catered event: if i eat any more cheese, i'm gonna puke 
@SelphieFairy don't make me cry TOO hard. 
@sincerelykase i didn't even realize that was your conversation! i just saw what heather said. rooood 
Back from non-flu infected work , Why can't we be shut down for a week, not fair, not our fault we are all healthy 
@gnutel0 Yah  It was such an amazingly shattered screen that I had to take a pic
i slept for 15 hours :S 3 days till all time low!!! im so excited!!the western bulldogs are owning the swans 
has to go to work, but half day so mite get to enjoy the sunshine later on when finish, shame my sunburn from last wkend started to peel 
Up was effing amazing! Enrique is in the hospital 
Gosh my life is awesome, i just to watch my boyfriend play videogames on a friday night while my brother is at the sounds 
very upset... just found out that LADY GAGA performed at club purgatory last summer before i knew who she was.  
just bought an iPhome... and its not even for me 
Can't sleep!  Miami is awesome though!! Very pretty at 2am LOL
@ryankanno Fun to read the way he wrote it, but I thought the story was lacking 
Money is great but a weekend without weekend fun is not so great 
enjoying her new ride...not enjoying being broke for the next month 
Thanks for the update Rod, going to miss the BBQ Cookoff @ Ironstone in Murphys next week    such fun last year!
my comp isnt working  asdfghjkl; anyone wana donate to my funds for a macbook
@MsLisaFS I know  drunk karaoke sounds fun! We could sing together!
bought a 200 dollar camera today. what a rip off. it doesnt even work!!  so sad 
@mommabat I hear ya girl! Lonjas are not fun  lol. Ooh i gotta DM you...
@SuzyElizabeth  thanks. bb.  i just hate so much that i can't even buy my own dam pills. it depresses me, you know?  
@18percentgrey oh for sure. I dont even want to think of our life as we know it without INTERNET! 
@jocelyn808 yep I can't even reboot soooo that's really lame  prolly won't study abroad in the spring since I have to get a new laptop =T
Dear God,  You must think yourself a very funny man, huh?.. 
@trent_reznor aww im happy for you sweets.. Im jealous.. wish i was in the same place 
@sdotantoinette aw I feel bad  it really sucked not having you guys around and it was not much fun at all.
@deeahhnah tbh I kind of like late night drum circles  I'M SURE I MIGHT GET ANNOYED IF IT WAS OUT MY WINDOW RN THOUGH
@fallenfrommars unfortunately it's 7am here and I have to start work now 
@chellemariee lol aww. just me  she's so awesome for real tho. I wish she could bond w my friends.
@nickmaccarron oops I just twittered u from my moms acct.  I am so glad u will be here Sunday.  I really need you right now 
Was excited about sleeping in tomorrow and just remembered have to take car to Honda to be serviced! Damn damn damn 
birthdayy is over  my party was tonsss of fun!!
Huge headache. How awesome. Little people are trying to drill through the back of my skull. 
@awesomeful I'm going to try and get some 
@chechILLA Unfortunately he doesn't 
Okay kinda jealous.. lots of people have gotten the cupcake update for the g1... still no cupcake here 
well that's unfortunate...i forgot my water bottle in the freezer...its kinda cracked now 
After lunch I headed out to the beach - unfortunately it rained 
just came from red carpet night it was amazing! ima miss drama..no awards  omg i wore staletos..or should i say stalet-toes haha &lt;&lt;inside
@mandycp Jealous! I want one 
@novemberl oh, that's awesome! ...except for the fact that everyone sucks there haha 
@mperegrym i saw the season finale of reaper last night, finally. you looked great im so glad your back with sam, sorry about your soul. 
so I have to get up at like 6. to go to a funeral. and it's really sad. and the only black skirt I own is too small, but too bad for me 
Joyce said she hates her life....poor JoyceePoo 
@cacowboy48 Unfortunately, no.  We weren't allowed to have cameras 
alyssa just txted me saying she had fun at splsh bash andis going to miss me and the old crew 
@aptronym Bloody amazing little store, huh? A bit disappointing that a number of designers don't list AU delivery pricing, however. 
I spent most of my evening stuck in a Charlie Sheen Time Warp 
@coachmonique but its no fun 
chalazia, not so awesomeeeee 
I spent the whole day with my love and it was amazing. I just wish i didn't have to work early and the whole day on Saturday  woe is me.
pretty amazing night. im going to miss all my seniors 
Oh Jesus. Occasionally my brain has these major epiphanies that bring something incredible to my attention. It hurts when I'm tired 
@RalphBassfeld mail app kept crashing here for some reason. Specially with multiple imap accounts  Thbird is stable. And themes too!
Dance was so fun but i just happened to leave when my favorite song came on. 
its funny when you put everything you have into someone and they let you down 
@shanedawson dude i saw my bloody valentine n i thought it was funny lolz...i am so sad  (sighz) lolz ^.\\
@judez_xo well thats not fair. Ive wanted them since I was twelve. haha.  Like back when you could only really get surface piercings lol
Band banquet was pretty wonderful. I'm going to miss all of my seniors. 
@WookieStyle so i went over hardcore and didn't even know it...and they called me and said im at like 500 freakin dollars 
can Ellen DeGeneres guest &quot;The Bathroom Girl&quot; on her show??? puhleeeese??  amazing vocals
needs to stop updating about how hurt and upset I am. I actually let a fool like you ruin my weekend. I hate saying that I hate you 
Now that the series has ended, the Transformers Animated toy line is cancelled, half of the toys haven't even been released in Perth yet! 
@halamazin Awww ya36eech il3aaafya!! Heheh have fun :* laish on a Saturday?? 
Had a good time with @R0DRiGUEZBBY even though it was short 
I've gotten sucked into facebook.  Mafia Wars is just too fun.  Still haven't seen Star Trek, but soon!  Baby is walking now, the cat is 
@iAlex94 I'm not even allowed to go on dates to the movies because my parents think a guy would try to make out with me or something..... 
@weirdnews but good cheese comes from happy cows.  
And I've wrecked my ankle again. Awesome 
@WinterDaisy I can't wait till next year. All their offerings started at 3 and up, poor 2 yr old is left out.  No fun being the baby bro.
didn't have anyone to cuddle with while i watched a fantastic fireworks display this fine evening. 
@cynicalvillain  I feel sick.. But Ill be ok....You?
@wm86 not fair we gotta work... 
@TieDyeErin  awww boo  the drawing game is fun!
@abbafan69 yep get on it! I think I'll fly n on Thurs evening so I can work most of the wk. I'll b n NYC work'n the entire week aftr tho 
i supposed to be giving you the slient treatment!!!! i even turned off my updates!!! 
@baubert funny thing is I never saw Zach and colleen's old place  plus I wish i was hanging out w/ all of you guys. I need to move back...
@wryancobb im not sure TheDoves could even try to put on a bad show! wish i were there 
@baubert funny thing is I never saw Zach and colleen's old place  plus I wish i was hanging out w/ all of you .. http://tinyurl.com/klhj6y
@coopertreez: aww I'm going out of town for the weekend  sorry but have fun and take shots for me lol
@ myzchaos WORD!  its called little ashes. Apparently it was limited release... Unfortunately its not playing within 100 miles from me 
I hate sleeping because I hate how I feel when I wake up. I'm also kinda upset that Jay is gone off of TV now. I don't like Conan. 
@_djkai he's not even here  he'll probably make me cry...
Omg The Mall what is That?? Lmao how sad I cant even remember 
@mileycyrus CANNOT star in the remake of Girls Just Want to Have Fun. I will simply die! #favoritemovie 
ok i just remembered y we dun go to 1u anymore. Its like a freaking battle even b4 we can reach the car park!! We're at the gardens now 
Bleh i am now home  back to reality.  Today was sooooooo fun! Loved it.
@OfficialYbt man, erbody been sayin dat on twitter about Dolla, even Soulja Boy! ya'll gon make me cry 
Will people who enjoy making horrible critiques please lay off Susan Boyle?! Never judge a woman till you've walked a mile in her shoes 
@Levenah lmfao i noticed we all got cut off 
@ShadowsDawn what's the temperature?  I am jealous of warmth right now, it's only like 16C here right now...midnight.   Dumb Canada
this movie is awesome lol i just need my friggin charger its still at michaels 
@TearlessPoet Even the Porn Ones???!! Awwwwww 
@Suge_13 I swear things will change eventually.  I'm sorry he's such an asshole.
Slept funny so back hurts, don't want to get up for work 
This is far too early to be awake on a Saturday!! Why oh why do I have a 6 hour meeting in Wolverhampton on a sunny Sat?! 
Last wkend in the bv and im sitting here watching abc. Wonderful. 
Back from a p-tay at the Stevens'. Lots of good times, but hot tubs make me miss my wife 
Would love to go to L.A film school in 2011.. they sent me the most awesome brochure. But I need a scholarship to be able to afford it 
its raining ..makes me feel so gloomy or 
@laviniafung why arent you on msn  and because of last time, obviously ;)
@StacyBurke Hope you guys have fun tonight, I sawry I didn't make it out  Let's have fun on sunday ps~ love your outfit!
i fell into a drain; and i thot it was a rather twitterable event 
@Itxi_Itx Not much fun for you then!   Do you think this not sleeping thing is catching?
It's just not fair 
Please. I really wanna watch PCD, first fun I'm gonna experience since a long time ago 
@earAsol damn I'm jealous! I only had a beer 
I don't even get myself right now.so confused  so sad
Been checking out this Google Wave, Looks awesome from that developer preview. Wish I had access 
Tonight is going fairly smoothly. Mother has me pulling carts though 
Is thrilled the Lakers won! Just wish my gig had cable so I could have watched it!  lol
@deergirl Jealous, I am staaaaaarving and I have no food in this house 
JUST LOST A VERY SPECIAL WOMEN STEVEN IM HERE FOR YOU BABY I KNOW HOW MUCH YOUR AUNT MEANT TO YOU RIP HOPE  LANDEROS 
according to the quiz on facebook Im depressed  def true now I wish I knew what to fucking do.
@_eLIZabethx not quite that's a bs pic I'm not even drunk  lol just sleepy
No longer drunk  room was fun need to work on #deathwhale
@Chynadollxo I was upset about the nuggets  goodnight bu!
I can't believe today is the last Tonight Show with Jay Leno.  Conan seems pretty funny.
@mrcelebrity oh trust me, my skype is always fucking up!!!  but this is so much fun!!!! you guys are great
@owlcity that's right NIKE!! represent the city of Eugene.. you were amazing tonight, just wish you coulda played longer 
I'm off to try to catch some zzzz with hiccups!   Have a great evening. 
@SunnyBuns I liked you other avatar pic  #tryingnottobeastalker
*facepalm* Amazing stupidity at work here  - 'Evolution is a Lie, Straight From the Pit' - http://tinyurl.com/nvkrkr
@TheRemusLupins I just got back from seeing UP. It was AWESOME!! To bad you can't take him on tour with you, it would be truly epic 
Should I even go to sleep? gotta wake up at 4 
@mileycyrus don't be  I hate it when your sad. Be happy. Everyone will kill to see you sad. Hope you feel happy. Love you Miley 
@BrianNippon it was with dawn  Im sorry. I didn't even know I was going until we were walking out the door.
@bubblesung not everyone has awesome taste like us! ha!  I could not find a nice hot pink blank though  so I am thinking about gold+black
@Mommykins41 Only once.  I am going to see them this year even if I have to fly to get there!
i'm still tipsy....the Que's had ugly strippers tho lol. NO FUN! ahh oh well. and i miss him 
 ... had weird encounters with so many homeless/creeps on the walk home tonight all by myself   awesome... really...
@rowenarrow N u can upset me? 
sooo much fun!! i have a tournament tomorrow really early in the morning 
Not so excited anymore.it's cold and raining and I need chocolate 
@iamcolumbus @Mechu I probably won't even be able to afford delicious box sets anyways  I just wanna see if they have them lol. -sparkle-
@XThe_Happy_EmoX I know how you feel exactly! omg  *hugs*
So annoyed right now. Can't sleep, can't get comfy and I have to be up very early. I welcome suggestions, but please don't say warm milk 
BT &amp; Demon ISP - ADSL2+ FAIL  Given a mandatory 'free upgrade' to ADSL2+ yesterday, my LinkSys ADSL2+ router hasn't worked since, livid 
@aliosun hey, no fair. i get a first before you get seconds. 
stupid fuckin blackberry broke!! so i'll be mobiletwitter-less. which means manyy less spontaneous tweets! leaving me very bitter  boo.
Amy really doesn't want to spend this sunny day in work 
I had a fairly good birthday. Thanks @kieferljh ! Tomorrow should be fun. Another graduation party. Oh, and Spanish project  Blehhh
@davegraham I need one of those! Will ask friend with an Atom if he's upgrading... TVR in for annual service yesterday, sunny typical 
@LariiTran i know.  inu shouldn't have got suspended, it wasn't even a high tackle. We Can still win, hope we do.
for as much fun as nyc was, all my classes have gone to hell. i have no idea how i'm going to do it all and still pass everything. 
i was the last person to twitter, and im twittering again  listening to children collide live on jjj - AWESOME! go one night stand!!
@Cookleta even let me cheat  lol it was a clean game..wonder at wht thing he's mad at HER for? lol
i'm pretty upset that @relientk won't be on the west coast again for awhile... 
I'm awake oh so late.  Ugh I just want the night to last longer.  Life isn't so amazing right now 
I'm really glad it was payday! but now dexter day is over 
@thehoodnerd damn i hear ya...I miss my bed...and I even miss my half built, new, Ikea bed  enjoy sucka lol...jealous
12 hour day shift ahead of me and its gorgeous out, not fair!! 
@katerinerollet wow that sounds amazing too bad I can't be there 
@briannashelton ummm we're about to leave up town, it's fun but I'm the dd  ha
Watched Twilight with Rifftrax. I should get some sort of award. Even with color commentary it's tough to sit through 
saying goodbye to the best bartender on the island = sad;  Drinking all night with a $0 tab= awesome....sometimes it pays to be a regular
@KhloeKardashian i did enjoy it.. you did great you didnt seem nervous.. great except i was on hold to get through and my cell went out 
just came back from dinner. pretty good... now just enjoying some wine &amp; watching dead like me b4 work at 5 a.m.  faith n love ya'll
@JulienEdwards hope ur having fun in SF! Me &amp; jazz didn't realize it was so soon 
don't like going to work when it's sunny outside!!  
I wish jealousy wasn't a feeling 
No beach 2day  They promissed sunny &amp; warm weather - it's clowdy, windy &amp; cold.
@Gavinluvbeyonce Im soooo jealous u met B!!!!  I have been a HUGE fan since she popped out the womb and I have never met her!!! 
is actualli so depressed bout missin bgt final cos of work 
Nooooo I forgot that having no laptop eant I can't take card payments at the 2 day fair I'm doing 
The movie UP was soooooo goood! I cried  and i dont even know how many times i cried! Haha it was a major fun though!
i do care! and u r importand but i cnt even type words tht make asence im so tired. i love u dont leabe em be 
@mattchewww  aww matty if u were 18 I could take u out drinking  cheer up matty it's no gud wen your upset
Fun night. Loved catching up with everyone. Boo work tomorrow 
@rockabillyrhino &quot;fond&quot;?  there was a lot of awesomeness as well!!! 
I am tired cold and have a sore throat  plus i'm getting increasingly annoyed at my brother and his girlfriend squealling and giggling.
@jennettemccurdy how was 'up'? i'm jealous you got to see it! it's not yet showing here in the philipines 
@TeLisaD I miss u 2 I was jus tellin @goodgirlnns how much fun u r lol (tricky lies) - c u monday @ citrine... 
@HeathCastor uh  thats not fun..ive gotten a few of those actualy happen. oh well. they just dont wanna know any more? :\
@Jordan23Capp yeah, definitely not fun at all  hope you get better soon... oink oink
@theBrandiCyrus I hate when people do that you know.. lol, you just get us more excited than you should have, hahah.  But I'm excited then
It's belated I know, but I just bought Call of Duty 4, I now need a ANOTHER harddrive. my main drive is running dramatically low on space 
Maybe all of this was temporary??  hmmm, well i had some good times, it as fun while it lasted
Is Good Maybe all of this was temporary??  hmmm, well i had some good times, it as fun while it lasted:.. http://tinyurl.com/ng6bsx
@lingboli how does someone turn a salad into a pizza? that sounds wrong, even criminal. 
Maybe all of this was temporary, hmmmm  i dunno, i had some good times, it was fun while it lasted... o_O
Thanks to my tantrum throwing havoc creator niece, I failed to notice that even @rehabc bid for me!  #twpp.
Just lost my two favourite people at work to Alex Hills...   even better i have graphics to do D:
maan, learning to lucid dream is hard, i can't even be bothered to write dream diary 75% of the time 
freeezing i dislike winter miss summer  happy days everyone
its 3 am off to beddy byes i miss him yet we are not even together 
Geez Ppl r too tense! Wow &quot;big&quot; concert tomorrow says mr rose...  If I wasn't the only tuba.. yes I play it: its heavy and not very fun 
@smiley_steph thanks now i miss them even more now 
@ddllovato why? I know that even tho we don't knw each other I'll try my hardest to help.. Follow me and dm what's wrong 
@ea8 Dwight's Twitter is so funny! Owwww! I just dropped my laptop on this HUGE stupid bruise I got today on my leg.  Painful!
I'm excited to get a new book tomorrow. I finished two books in 3 days. I'm on a reading roll! Nothing is as good as the Twilight series 
the one reason I was happy when she wasn't playing bball is cos my parents teated her normally and not like she was special 
@Jessie_SundySun ahh i'm so sorry girl!  i'm glad you made money though &amp; i hope you didn't have to work a double!
i cant do anything fun now that exams are next week 
No no no. Back is playing up again. Thankfully have some hardcore painkillers left over from last time. Must organise osteo visit 
(annoyed) +  = (nottalking) http://plurk.com/p/x57b5
Off to rehearsals on this beautiful sunny day! Hope we get to finish early today so I can enjoy some of the sun! Feel sleepy 
Oops actually Coppelia  my bad. Will enjoy the dancing and music either way
@FrugalDreamer  That's no fun!  Drink LOTS of water!
why do some people say things that are so hurtful and have no idea they are even doing it? 
Woken up to f*@cking madness here-not fun.  Trying to go back to sleep 
@ThePiz I soooo suck at bowling. It's not even comedic. It's really quite sad.  also skating. And sports.
@torrishack now I'm jealous. Me, I'll be looked in at the gym toning up 
quite mad at mo, think chocolate will make me happy nd  cuddles but mummy isnt home 
An afternoon of domestication. Love it. Unfortunately, there are still 1800 words that aren't going write themselves 
@trixxaayyy Yes. B-) Waiting for my dad to go online though.  My mom is excited to see the pasalubong he bought for her eh. :| )
@KhloeKardashia i'm glad everything went ok at the show, Khloe! i'm from italy and i couldn't call u  what the prefix numba to call there?
@yonaa Yes, lots of trouble with SSL and since yesterday some phones even don't accept twitter's SSL cert anymore 
Can't sleep and have to wake up in 5 hours. This should be fun. 
the movie UP! made me really depressed 
late night. .longg weekend ahead  not that excited
@dylancoyle thanks. I went to see my friend Katya. Might be able to do something tomorrow evening, but getting up at 4am on Sunday 
@KhloeKardashian i'm glad everything went ok at the show, Khloe! i'm from italy and i couldn't call u  what the prefix numba 2 call there?
@gregstrong Emery is amazing! Sadly I have yet to see them live. 
Is getting ready for work on a really sunny day  Found something out tho: brushing your teeth and drying your hair at the same time=hard!
@temperantia aww that's too bad. yeah my phone really sucks. i just got it repaired and now it's malfunctioning again. 
@thushanfernando Haha you excited? Your phone is up to over $550, which means I didn't can't win it 
fuckkkkkkkkkk i hit my funny boneeeeeeee 
@StephenMulhern Have fun tonight, thank god 4 sky+! my lil sis hen night so cant pull a sicky 2 stay home  diversity 2 win x
Pub Crawl was a total win! Night finished off at 322 with the most amazing drag performance ever! Shit was epic. Also, April was amazing. 
Had a horrible night, too hot couldn't sleep, even on top of the duvet 
Happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me, happy birthday dear Duncan.... *sigh*... I hate birthdays. 
@DonniedollsDoll No...I haven't tweeted @joe_doll yet. I can't. I'm too nervous. He's so amazing. I'm just another Doll fan 
@bryancheung no! no LOLing! It's not funny! It is SAD! 
@laenij goddamnit that sucks  i feel enraged on your behalf
applying for jobs is not fun...nope, nope, nope 
@ddllovato it was im sorry ay im so depressed now im killin in side sorry 
going to go neck my self now! eveyone have fun @ all time low send my love 
@_MandaPanda_ hahaha! you got some crazy awesome songs!!  Poor Jenny.  I will pray for your friend too.
Ow...sunburn isn't fun  Why oh why does my irish skin hate me?
i d'ont now what i gonna do!!i forget my dady's birthday  and it is now sooow fun like i always say but verry I DONT NOW!! 
Read look at trucks read a little bet more look at more trucks. Fun 
Eloise is unsatisfied with her microwave dinner   haha
I totally just fell off my bed backwards.. So glad no one was around to see that. Ow! 
Eloise is unsatisfied with her dinner  haha
@justinbrighten wow that is early to go fishing. enjoy. I used to love fishing. haven't' been in a long ass time 
Glad someoneunderstands. Not really. I hate to know what you're feeling and that you have to feel it at all 
I cant believe you all had so much fun at both tweetup and #twpp without me 
(missed pirate critical mass  - but caught some tweets and followed Dustin's GPS tracker)
Off to the city! Still looking for a prom dress. I'm soooo desperate 
@TheYungExec sorry my nigga  but glad to hear your laptop is popping
@DerDonYogi I don't think I'll make it. Lots to do, little boys to keep happy. Beware: St. Pauli youth is good. We lost 26-1 last year 
need coffee.... need coffee..... no starbucks in maili, waianae....only 7eleven &amp; McD 
I'm exhausted. Sleepy, even there are 2 marks under my eyes-lack of sleep. Not in the best mood to attend any parties really 
Emily loaned me a giant pile of books tonight. I'm so freakin' excited. Though my contact is currently giving me loads of pain. 
oi @helenotter!! what's happened to the Surgery Live previous episodes page (http://bit.ly/xDSOU)? It's 404'd , GUCH people not happy! 
@ashleytisdale YOU WAS AMAZING! I saw you in TV  BUT When you make a tour here in germany I'll be there!!!! PROMISE!
Very sad that my back is preventing me from going to the #DunedinTweetup tonight  especially since I organized it. Have fun tweeps!
having fun experimenting with onigiri fillings...and failing at the bread-making thing  hahaha but oh well. need to write ingredients down
Really annoyed - the song I thought I made up is apparantly a real song. My brother walked in &amp; recognised it straight away 
is frustrated at twitter 
i just realized... people open up to me but i seldom do that... even to my most treasured friends!!! 
Morning tweeps, another beautiful day in the uk. Got to work and not happy  I like my job but wish it was a 5 days a week one.
@megwey thatd be superduper fun if it werent for the fact im on house arrest basically (thank you dad) and have a migrane 
Closing at work, not fun 
im sooooooooo happy school is out!!! wohoo!!!!! yeah summer!!!!! lol im just a little excited. but i will miss all of my friends. 
#myweakness fictional boys whose lack of existence are severely unfortunate. 
Sleep. Uninterrupted sleep for the 2nd night in a row, and amazingly that depresses me a bit. I like my 5-6 am feeding/bonding with snuz 
Greetings from Kos - Greece!! I am bronzed and relaxed!  Come home tonight 
@CampWildGirls Thanks for the #followfriday. Due to an unusual alignment of work inconvenience I was unable to join in the fun 
@Jessicaveronica please reply to me, i love u, ur so amazing, ive wrote to u so many times but no replies  xxxxxxxxxxxx
@agfay   I'm glad you're okay
Why are there so many Kenyan sevens supporters on twitter? I can't find anyone who supports Scotland 
@HOOPSLasVegas1 nutn really...havent left my home for d past 2 days! Felt weak!  Thankfully i hav enuf energy 2 go out 2day!
@Cheramie24 I'm so sad I missed Dog days of Denton today and I can't go tomorrow either!  Was it fun??
Glad to be home safe. Had absolutely NO business driving tonight. Give me a hard time please. This was entirely irresponsible. 
Brother dinner tonight joy  anyways I was so angry today I go to netball and they cancel it but they didnt even tell me how rude! lol
so yeah... apparently i just played my guitar till my fingers bled... bryan adams would be so proud!! i... need a tissue 
Awesome 'Spring...' Show last night. Best performance I've seen, they were really rocking out! Awesomeness, but sad at the same time 
@okcomputer27 Yikes, sorry it's taken me so long to come online tonight  Glad you're ok ;-) You missed some fun here in twitter  HUGGSS
Where's my friends???  I'm miserable right now.
Goodbye Jay Leno, I'll miss Saturday and Sunday evenings with you on CNBC Europe. 
In Portugal 8:55 a.m.  I have swimming lessons at 10 a.m.  I couldnt sleep anymore so i got here. Even if i gotta eat breakfast. XOxo
So very sleepy. And it's not even 6pm. Probably a bit early for bed 
Life is feeling stagnent and almost unbearable right now. I feel like everyone's moving foward and I'm still here...left behind 
feeling veryy awkward....it was a cold or very bitter meeting 
@laurenhillary How did the wedding shoot go? Excited to get my L.HILL on tomorrow ;)  Looks like no pool...cuz no sun 
@Lotay Chocolate. It's been years since I've had an In-N-Out burger   Enjoy!
@SafeBehindTeeth  I H8 U EVEN MORE NOW
@mhisham old joke lor. not funny any more  bleh.
@JonathanRKnight that really was an awful trip!    so glad you made it safely to your place - hope you get that much needed rest.  
is back at work  Oh the joy! 
@mcsantia wish I could be @ the chi with the crew! Sounds like fun! 
woke up....read breaking down......amazing beek i don't want to finish it.......i really don't 
Got season 2 of Jericho today and there are only SEVEN episodes!! Major disappointment  Better than nothing tho i guess.
Desperately needing  to go to the 5th floor  Only my bff knows what that means.out of pro and soon out of life in need of something ;( ?
the auction was fun.my money flew like that  haha.but its worth it,for a good friend.
@JonathanRKnight glad u made it back 2 LA safe..sorry ur trip was hell..i guess it was day of hell 4 both of us  maB 2morrow will b better
@stephenfry Good morning MR F. Dongle was fun. Must admit I got very confused at first thinking DT was a DNA creation. Mind's going 
I'm supposed to have a picnic lunch at Parc Floral and this morning, bang! hayfever harshly knocking at my nose. That is so lame! 
Can't wait to see my doggie! Sad to leave channy  but glad I'll see her soon when she moves in  good to go for he weekend
Just finished packing  omg! I can't even sleep I'm too excited!
Kiel is making fun of me because I'm yelling at Africa 
@DavidArchie  i didn't get to go and watch you there..but i hope you've spent  an awesome time here in Philippines.i wish you'll come back
Heading back to Saintus Lucias - a very harsh breed of uni 
spent the day with BIDDLE again... quite fun! quite fun indeed. missed jack though 
@plssaythababeh because like if i wanted to @ you, i wouldn't even remember... and yeah i just chilled at home tonight too  haha
Just saw exotic-looking, lively bird near feeder. Siskin or Greenfinch, very quick movements. Can never get a pic 
@LauraAnnie112 me too!! umm haha thats pretty funny, the last time i checked i had NO PHONE!!!!  but direct msg me!!
@symplycarma Your tweet is not allowed here!!!! Why you gotta rub that in?? So not fair.... 
 it's sunny outside... but I'm inside...
Cant go to #Bangalore Marathon. Very upset 
Today was emotionally and physically tiring  its funny how small things can bring back a flood of emotions le sigh
@jessychristine not cuz of you. Cuz of somethin else  I'm happy to work with u
natalia mentioned about the merlion park event. wanna go so bad  and i forgot to say goodbye to her! i will miss youuuuu!&lt;3
is upset she couldnt get her nails done coz the nails parlour was full! 
@allyisawesome i miss you 
@IdolNews I got Adam Lambert's twitter name from one of your tweets &amp; just found out it's a fake. I was super excited...now I'm sad 
@jenthefangirl I'd get the All-Access if I lived in LA. As I'm in NJ (and thus wouldn't be able to attend the &quot;events&quot;) it's not worth it 
@jonasbrothers could you maybe do a livechat way earlier? it was like 2AM here. so we couldnt watch it  but you are amazing no matter what
@bobbinrob Awesome! I haven't heard from my artist since she first contacted me. 
Oh. It's sunny again. Hurts my eyes. Maybe I can stay in all day while mummy does stuff outside. Daddy's working all day.  x
@adam_stardust Totally didn't see you there.  I was there noon ish til about eleven.
thinking about it just makes me even more sad. even the rain makes me more sad. 
@reldes Enjoy the match, I'm hanging round waiting for some fella to come and measure for new flooring  Biking later though ;)
@IBEChillin DUDE U DNT EVEN WANNA KNOW 
cant sleep in 2moz not happy bout it 
@bomdominique. remember. i was stuck @ my granma's house. then didnt go cause i get sick. i didnt even went to manila! i missed 1 trip 
@rubymaree haha no worries, ill prob be up early tomorrow anyway-but no cred til next week though  sounds fun! have a good night babe 
Even though I fuck wit the Cavs, I don't think they gon make it  ...lol
I discovered an app on my phone that makes ringtones! now I'll never sleep even though no one calls me, makin my tones useless! boo! 
Inside at the gym even though the sunis shining for the first time in weeks    SSHL graduated yesterday, CONGRATS! My turn soon.. 12 days!
im very excited for mtv movie awards but i guess i can't watch it.because i live in turkey.  i'll find it.
@Bluebee3 yep...no fun for me  lol....but so far so good! Enjoying the summer, and CAN'T WAIT FOR JULY TO ARRIVE!! LOL...hows the job??
The film was Amazing! U laugh and cry in the first 15 minutes! The dog is JUST LIKE my golden retriever. I miss him soo much   @hippiekat
see even my spelling is full of fail. 
the photographer's exhibition with Adidas was brilliant, soo busy, went Shoreditch House then curry, lost Wale   shoes were killin me!!
@chobotMod anyone can make false report against me.its not fair that yr banning me from the agent prog cuz i done nothin wrong  cries
@greggrunberg that sucks! Completely thrown off my holiday plans  haha awesome greg
Something on the road...sparks, loud bang, thump, front end damage andbthe driver door won't open now. Joy! Only two more payments 
back in the office!  but i do have cake! hmmmm keep me smiling....
I feel ill again  I'm going to Kate's after town to see her new kittens, excited!
@LaurelSturrock sounds fun! I went there for a wedding back in 07, but I haven't been up there since. i miss it  haha.
how wonderful. am not able to get to sleep 'cause my bladder's so uncomfortable &gt;___&lt;...i think it may be time to just go to the ER? 
The weather's so gloomy. It's been drizzling all day.  But what the heck! Have fun in the rain! 
@dyk  will there be a funeral service?
@joshthomas87 Ummm I don't even like mango. I am so in the minority 
@ninh Urgh !  Will have to prolong our destined Sanwa powered #SF4 match till we fully recover from the evening formerly known as Woofur.
wants to be in Destin this evening, but will be in Rockledge. 
Where d fun at?  i'm hopping back on the plane o!
Katamoosashi says: Don't you just love violent games? They teach such valuable lessons. I'm being sarcastic...  *please don't ban me*
@raaaaaaaye why are you irritated 
I need a plumber to fix my leaking nose. So not fun having to get a tissue every few minutes. 
sometimes u tend to get a feeling that u need a hug. i feel like that now  i dunno if im upset but who can hug me so i feel better?
so bored. dont know what do a. Maybe  a home made porn with my  Friends brother ?   pS: Cant even spell 
@adeejayday *you. :&quot;&gt; I got excited. ) Ookay, those kids are lucky. :| 
@McGiff and here's me getting excited having just done my 300th.  
@lejunkdrawer It's unfortunate that Marcy Walker has retired from acting.  Well. For us. Not for her. http://bit.ly/oQG93
@croarty not really  tired, less than good week at work and no fun stuff currently planned
Upset  Video as to why will be posted NEXT weekend.
@littlebubble that is so my life! Party animals in this house tonight too! @skouttradefair poor poppet 
i finished all my tests on thursday .. yet i still have to go to school for another month.. (june 24) Y?? its not fair 
didn't get to see seven ages tonight 
it stays warm and sunny and no rain, hate that, all week nice and warm then bloody rain for a wkend, bet that happens 
$160 later...I hope everyone had a fun night...Oh god, I have work in less than 2.5 hrs... until like 11 pm...     Leave me some love?
I hate the fact I don't have time to go out and see movies, have some fun with my friends, go to Limp Bizkit shows i'd really love to go 
has a half naked man in her garden but unfortunately its not worth looking at... .   
@HeikoKanzler That sounds just awesome! How is the weather? Here is cold as hell 
I'm sad...my cousins are on their way back home. Its been a fun month...back to reality. 
Woke up with a massive boner, trying to  get the wife to suck on it. No joy  might try slipping it in
dinner now. massive headache. my jaw aches. worried. scared. upset. you name it 
i think i tried drunk l4d last night, as my mate said it is fun and everyone on the server laughs.  i just got kicked from the server 
@eleanorhope eating at 1:30 in the morning?! Eeek, that's bad. I'm jealous.   good night!!
Drag Me To Hell Was Scary And Fun!! I Bet It Will Become A Cult Classic Later On.. Awww I Missed Jay Leno's Last Show On The Tonight Show 
i've never even gotten a DM from anybody   hey, @JonathanRKnight can i get a pity DM? LOL
mum thinks taking me to the markets tomorrow is fun  I would rather go shopping for my birthday, which she said we'd do today but didn't
@IvanaE fml ive not even finished the first one. im ner gunnaaa finsih it 
Finds the rain soothing... dreading going back to school in a few days. 
Damn @nachojohnny is making me jealous....I wanna go back to vegas 
http://twitpic.com/68v4b - Hawaii state fair looks a little lame 
upset because jonny has left kill hannah  :'(
@emmamorris211 well the answer would be yes to go out buttt unfortunately its looking like a 99% chance of a no 
@SlimBurkett  unfortunately im up w/u. I can't sleep!!
@mileycyrus please dont feel  Cause its raining outside and you are the only sunshine here!!! Keep on smiling
Another amazing day in Edinburgh that I'll be inside  http://twitpic.com/68v6j
@mbaas Steve Gadd rocks. I use the same sticks - unfortunately this doesn't make me as good 
@ZoeLCoop23_ You have to follow people first. You don't even follow me anymore. 
@miszsarahz @faye_tan u were both at bourke st???so near my workplace!why never come visit meeee???i upset 
Before y'all get 2 drunk make sure u wish @thscharmingman (dirty phil) a HAPPY BDAY!...my broke ass is stuck at home &amp; I can't 
Morning all,got Hemi's party 2day,gonna b bout 20 kids runnin around  joy joy!! At least sun is out so they can go in garden!
doing laundry on a Nice Sunny day  Anyways waiting for the web cast of the Bradby Shield
@cyberprince Gloomy is right. 
today seemed like a very long yet fun day. i think i did something to my ankle, its really bugging me when i walk 
Checking out the flea thrift store warehouse place again...  Gilgamesh looks awesome, but 8000 yen??   http://twitpic.com/68vbp
Im hearing noises I'm hearing noises omg  Im not even kidding right now I'm really really scared for some reason. SAAAVE ME.
at home thinking about lidia. Hope she's doing alright. She should be happy but it's not going that way 
Never been so depressed 
Should i care? I dont want to but unfortunately i do... 
Glad to be living in the land of chronic spitters and chronic honkers! 
@WaffledFlambe aw that's too bad  Even my boyfriend's got a thing about Sims 3. Anyway, goodluck with your SATs! ;)
@suebrawley enjoy your alcohol for me! i won't be able to have any again for 9 months. 
back in rainy cold lame klam  had sooo much fun in portland with meg... def going to do it again sooon...sooo exhausted
advised to stay indoors on this lovely sunny day   Glad no-one was reported hurt
Late night, just got home - had fun with Tree, but wish sandbox had been there 
@muppmupp yeah  ... me too  ... i was freaking out last night 'cos it was total dejavu.   but not even snoiked, just a bad flucoldthing
Desperately trying to focus - but how can u concentrate on #work in the #hospital? Deadline looms - disinterest blooms - oh how it glooms 
I Wanted Greg Pritchard To Go Through  AWESOME VOICE GREG!
Packed and ready to leave bama  not so fun at the moment.
@mikestwitter NO  jUst upset my phone is broken
it's sunnyyyyyy - got more coursework and textiles revision to do 
@aplusk WOW!!! you are close to 2 million followers...and I still don't have even 10 
I hate when people did this!! They are enjoying the 30% all-items-sale, but don't bother to put the books back..   http://mypict.me/24oe
@faye_tan hehe faye's on a shopping spree of late :p glad you enjoyed urself.hate it because it's sooooo cold!  franklin not like this!
Lovelly sunny day  Still feelin a bit down though - wat to do to perk meself up a bit??? 
@aprotim sadly, no  Japan doesn't really do online, to just even look at bills online, you have to call or apply via paper. xD ;__;
@twilightfairy and yet it attracts so many types of birds. Must be one hell of a spot. My appartment has a garden which has 0 birds 
I don't even have the materials to study for monday's exam. 
I really love him, and its hard to face the fact that we cannot be together even after all this time 
@Mum_of_Six  Lol, im only 2 streets away from my beach but have so much uni work to do i wont be able to enjoy!! Boo 
wants to enjoy the rest of vacation. almost 1 week left 
All that lovely sunshine and I can't  even do any outdoor jobs 
It's the sunniest Saturday so far and I'm working all day  Saturdays are bad enough but when it's sunny it's even worse  Bad times xx
going to work on a glorious day. so not fair. 
@justamoochin amazing iPhone typo. Should say 'Took a football IN THE windpipe' I.e. i got hit in the throat by a shot. Hurt 
Not happy. I don't appreciate plans being cancelled last minute. And I have a tummy bug  not a good start for the day!
@foreveramber thanks amber, she is playing it down to us, saying its not so bad, but John is devastated. makes for a real fun hol for us 
Now we're not even talking? This always happens to me 
Jeezus my body hates me right now!! 21 hours awake and still counting! I had fun with my friends tonight. And I miss Cassieface already 
Had to close the curtains cos of the glare on my laptop screen  Sooner I finish this blog post the sooner I can enjoy the sun!
Was out 'till 2 and not even feeling it. I can still smell the garlic. 
bored,stuck in on a lovely sunny day on own again 
mmm sunny weekend, shame I still don't have my car back 
Has 2 go 2 work on this Sunny Day 
Bored and depressed just had a bad leter from the bank!!!! 
Such a nice day again today. Wish I could go out and enjoy it but I really need to get some work done. 
im not so excited to come back to school 
dolled up, prim and proper just to be sent home for looking so pale and sickly. this isnt fair, i can still move despite a 38.1 whattt!!! 
@lilyroseallen  Morning! Hows Nice shaping up? To your likes? I hate the spiteful comments towards you  Todays the Final!
Pablo Francisco comes to Denver June 4th. I wish I could be there for two reasons. Two very awesome reasons. 
Is having brekkie b4 heading home from holiday  me thinks motorway will b fun with lots of evertonians heading 2 wembley. Come on u blues
@vanceluin DID YOU TAKE MINEEE D: cause i dont have ANY D: I might have dropped it in the chem cabinet when I opened by bag, or even bio 
What's happy about a moving day? 
Waiting for some database admins to shut some DB's down so I can patch some linux hosts - work laptop does not function from garden 
@MissyJes not much! Went to see the gossip an it was amazin! On my way to work tho now an its really sunny  u??
It's sunny days like this that make me wanna quit John Lewis 
had so much fun at Disya's with all baroners!!! But I have to go home early 
Had an awesome night, thanks to those that came out. And thanks to those who got their faces beat in at TF2 for the last hour or so 
@MrBenzedrine make me feel like an idiot why dont you? Nah jks. People dont even have to tru these days to make me feel dumb  oh well
So happy, I'm gonna see Jade! I miss her loads. 
@ruthward revising here unfortunately so not much fun 
is back at work on a sunny saturday! 
Think I pulled one of my twelve abdominal muscles this morning so now I have an eleven pack 
@lpfmfan i know!! damn you mike and your awesome hair!he shouldn't have cut it 
Didn't even bowl yet  oh well
Last fortnights car mileage, 200, last fortnights bike mileage, nil, last fortnights run mileage, ~10.   Sad state of affairs 
Up and about and ready for the weekend. It's sunny  x x
The seriously unhappy birthday girl is going to bed now 
exams in 2 days, 13 hours and 28 minutes. i havent even started studying yet! i am so gonna fail 
The thought of working when the sun is shining and it is 26 degrees out is so awful  At least I get some money, even though its not a lot
Enjoying  @trailmusic http://bit.ly/4bTVAW  and trying to finally get to the awake phase, it's kinda late already 
Ugh Haters 
the weather's terrible. can't even go outside 
@noele6277 No, you didn't.  Unfortunately, we got to know each other only a month after the Italy gigs. Did you attend both of them?
Sore shoulder  Will have to sit outside and burn vest mark onto other half of body today so I'm even.
@JonathanNater  - gotta love working on sunny w/e's Started SEOing at 6AM so I could go fix a roof at midday. Not even mine! Miss FA cup 
is going shopping today, todays left til miserable school 
@Benjirowell thats awesome! a year to wait though!  bad times
@jodilei Yeah it will be awesome.. can't wait that long though 
i just read something that upset me so much that I am nauseous and sick to my stomach about it 
My plan for a long lie in has been ruined by door slamming and lots of alarms going off. Not a happy bunny 
is sooo relaxed right now. Also, lost my banana to my hungry-hungry guinea pigs. Shouldnt've left it on lying the floor 
is sooo relaxed right now. Also, lost my banana to my hungry-hungry guinea pigs. Shouldnt've left it lying on the floor 
@mbcharbonneau KVO's API is just too ugly &amp; broken, unfortunately 
@Elliethinks :O nooooooooo &gt;.&lt; o yer i should put mine up, even though it DIED halfway through, im still gutted about that 
Steaming my hair now, for some reason have early kylie in my head (over dreaming over you) go to play the cd and it's gone!!! Not happy 
i m bored!! studied so much today almost 6 chapters... so m not in amood to study..orkut is no fun these days.. 
I am dealing with a lot of jealousy in my life, which is something I wasn't really feeling before 
@GeeIsMe you're a racist. admit it. you wont even be here for your bff's birthday! 
stuck in work whenn the weathers amazing! its balllllzzzzzzzzz 
I need to do something to feel better about myself.  I'm really upset at the moment 
@damness I hate work. I'm enjoying being a bum 
@BlackNerdGirls to steer clear! Funds not accommodating!  lol x
is so happy i could finally leave i totally wish i had of just went to work instead 
is not happy that i have to work inside an office on a beautiful sunny day 
@joyroett We miss you 
missing out on all the fun it seems... #spymaster #noinviteforme 
@twilightfairy I put up in DLF phase 5. All the waiting and watching turned sunrise into afternoon. Without a glimpse of an exotic bird 
Clue was awesome but my voice is GONE 
Woken to peaceful sounds in caravan! Chill this morning. Have to do some work later though 
So, the truck was smaller than what was reserved... two trips were made necessary.  I'm still here for a little longer, and sick as a dog 
it is so hot n sunny ere in the lakes district n  mum is makin us go walkin in it 
@EriinKate that would have been fun  will do that next saturday night. Watching anime at the moment of course.
is almost afraid to use the old, almost broken down laptop. But hey, whatever works. Kimora is still hopelessly sick. 
has no friends to enjoy the sun with 
unpleasant surprise, user unhappy with twit sent from library twitter account.  Not a good start.
@arnold i got it from dabs.com - so returning means refund and no replacement - i dont want to have to wait 6 weeks 
played netball in the rain today it was really fun... so tired only had 4 hrs sleep conpared to the 12 i usually hav 
just got back from school, soooo fun but i miss Travell! 
@failsafemusic !!!awesome!!! I can't make it to MK, sucks 
@prolificd *Hukams* - haven't seen any magical fairies appear yet 
Amazing morning!! Weather is fantastic, pity about where we live though 
I can never make anyone happy anymore it seems 
Moring all off to work inside yet again on a sunny day 
@peterfacinelli Unfortunately only in the USA I think, right? But I'm in germany, so I won't see it. 
aww. currently not often here. busy   1,000 follower  wow. THANK YOU SO MUCH GUYS  I am so grateful to you..
Lovely sunny day in Plymouth. So i think I will spend a few hours at my computer  #sigh#
Argh, Saturday morning and working  Project go live Monday morning, never a fun time
I met Andy McKee yesterday! But now myspace won't let me add him so I can tell him how much I enjoyed it   Wedding reception today! woo.
Had so much fun at my grad party and sad its all over 
moving out today: waiting on the father picking me up  sad times. also hungover so this isnt going to be fun!
Brrrrrr! It's too cold  and we haven't even hit winter yet
@JoelyAh Haha, I wondered why you didn't think it was funny 
Kinda upset this volunteer manager kept calling me while i was giving a talk asking for ppl phone number. I'm not a phone directory 
Ergh work today  it's too sunny!
Exhausted as hell. I feel so depressed... 
*yawn* morning peoples just got up doing listening to radio disney ugh havent started studying yet even tho i got up at 8 to do stuff 
My aunt is sick..  Maybe i'll visit her tomorrow.. or even now..
what an evening yesterday...10PM to the vet  one of the guinea pig bled*wtf happend?* both feet...got 2 shots...*searching 4 reason*
@Heidi_range Apparently, not eating through your flight + then eating within the time zone when you land prevents jet-lag! Too late now! 
...wishing I was @makerfaire with @madebymoxie and @schmancytoys 
@brianwelburn So happy to be going to work!! who wants to spend time in the sun eh!! 
got a new hairdo, but I'm not to happy about it. it's way to short 
I have an exam the same day as Strawberry Fair 
I am so jealous of anyone with Glasto tickets 
im so tierd! dont know why i even wake up so early  zzz
@culturevultures Even I don't see what you mean..! I still don't get these hash tag things. 
I hate sleeping alone  i get so depressed n scared  
@lilahmcfly yeh !! they got so many fans here and we always tell them that!!! it's not fair we don't have any concerts around here !!! 
@joek949 Not much unfortunately, got a lot of mundane stuff to do today  x
@tommcfly hi, today my sister and couse &lt;or&amp;roni&gt; have birthday and they are huge mcfly fans, can you plz tell them happy birthday? xX 
if i had your number previously you should pm me it, cos my simcard karked it and i lost all the numbers  or even if i didnt have it +
@HawthornPixie not me, i dont drink  im a big T Total nerd.......and yes im this funny sober arent i the greatest..lol
mm today is sunny, but no sunbathing fer me seen as im peeling mega lots  still got a voice like a seal an all :\
@twilightfairy ohh... can i plzzzz... come over?? i also wanna shoot badly.. 
Hmm, Silverlight 2 CoverFlow content no workee in SiteFinity 3.6 in Firefox. Spent all morning trying it, had to resort to forum post  #fb
Last day of my jollys  I have Sophie Dahl, Alan Bennett and a drenching of sunshine to cheer me up! I won't miss twitterberry either.
@Allie_me yep .. I know .. *hugs* ... or even worse when you don't have the kids and you go home alone ...  ... meh.
At work, having a little read of Les Fleurs du Mal, Baudelaire. No library customers today; they're all out enjoying the weather! 
@anib even the glitter lost its sparkle. the incense lost is scent. the music sounds drab. something broke 
Had scrummy curry last nite. Taste buds really enjoyed it. Now rest of body is getting own back   won't stop me having more curries :-D
even if australia gets to host the football world cup in 2018/2022, it will be in canberra not sydney 
@FrankieTheSats @LittleFletcher @DebbieFletcher @tommcfly @dannymcfly @dougiemcfly @gfalcone601 can u plz say Happy b-day Or&amp;Roni? 
Shaving your legs sucks. Cutting yourself while shaving your legs sucks even harder 
Argh, I am going to the dentist tomorrow  not fair, nothing is wrong with my teeth (I don't hope there is)
unfortunately i could not manage to be able to switch between my dvdi connected display and my vga connected full hd tv.. 
In the wonderful world of Structures...Tuesday exam and it's the most difficult of all. So this weekend I'll have to study a lot. 
@dougiemcfly http://twitpic.com/67uc7 - mm i have a cold  bleh! its going away now tho thatnks to the wonderfull amazing daynurse! XD  ...
@Prestwickuk Because I'm not going to Bootycon I need to get refunded 
I need distraction after event in here!! Anyone who's in jogja,pls take me anywhere tonite 
Off to the Pink Fun Day at work. I'm wearing a pink polo shirt I saw in the shop yesterday. It is a man's shirt - but it's pink. 
Just about to head into four hours of grass cutting  At least is it sunny.
Babysitting on a Saturday night is not what i call Fun 
saying goodbye is bittersweet im gonna miss my big sis for the summer 
It's tex-mex cuisine today, but we are missing one of our happy bunch    Save yourself for when I'm cooking baby, just imagine!!
@FrankieTheSats plz say Happy Birthday Or and Roni ! &lt;it's my sis and couse have a birthday, plz say xx&gt; 
@muppmupp it's suckful that they charge more ..  .. I'm glad you can still you eat your favourites though
watching Pulp Fiction - my fav. film but critically for essay 
There's critical mass bangalore today, Bangalore Biker Club's 2nd b'day. But me busy with work 
Embarking on the excruciating west to east mrt journey. This is the pain-in-the-butt part b4 the fun begins. Yes, literally butt pain 
@gpainterbristol @hellogareth I think Flawless &amp; Diversity will split the votes as both are brilliant but neither will win 
@rach210 marathon isn't happening yet I'm just kinda staring at my tv blankly atm marathons aren't much fun alone 
weather gorgeous, garden looking lovely, family in happy sunshine mood - me? about to spend 4hrs in car 
thinks in this world, no one is fair.  http://plurk.com/p/x6af2
good morning everyone! put woodham into order for the first time today to help dad out! now to get ready for work! and it's sunny 
Y oh y did i leave my work till da last min now i am stuck inside where it nice n sunny  
@karenhizon why are you angry 
graduation day. i can't fucking believe this day is actually here; bittersweet 
#MARSISCOMING #MARSISCOMING #MARSISCOMING #MARSISCOMING #MARSISCOMING #MARSISCOMING this is hopeless 
just realize I missed the Freeze-in-Tianjin event today. so sad.. 
@ceggs Oooh ! I'm sorry I upset you ! It's just that I tried it and didn't like it that's all ! 
is bored and frustrated and wants to see Tom so badly!! its worse this time round!!! 
@JonasBrothers  overall movie was AWESOME could of been longer 
@thelarderlout Fantastic - although we'll miss you 
@englishchick Bright, sunny, hot and humid day here in India too. I am sweating 
well I just woke up to a thunderstom here in mid missouri. It's not even daylight yet 
http://twitpic.com/68yp7 - having a fun time with my birdie...may be one of the last ones 
@mizuish play play play - one exam man - i am so jealous 
wonderful sunny day all windows open ...some twat playing loud crap music 
Still awake and with a puffy face. Need to find a different dentist today to get this toothache fixed. Vicodin (sp?) isn't even helping 
sad. thinking about how i hurt savannah. so disgusted with myself 
just helped Sophie pack up her room for the last time and say goodbye, really upset 
SSD laptop drives 'slower than hard disks': Being a laptop owner i was not happy to read this     ---Quote--- .. http://tinyurl.com/m3qoav
Nobody who's around wants to come to the funfair with me  sod this, going back to bed. My back hurts anyway.
having oxymoron feelings... Ecstatic that torres signed til 2013 :-D but he got married last week  Damn lucky woman she is!
@seventhpage NOES. *cries moar* but it's AU! can't he have not had surgery in it? or can it be before the Lasik? I REALLY WANT THIS. 
My sinuses are not happy about the quality of today's air 
@dizzyyet IM SO JEALOUS. i just raided the kitchen for sugar and came out with tea 
he breaks my whole heart with his disgusting joke.. ( actually i don't even know that that joke will be really happen or no ) 
@mizzlizwhizz  #elevensestime Yes, I thought better of it in the end myself - I havent got it yet! 
@FrankieTheSats plz say Happy Birthday Or and Roni ! &lt;it's my sis and couse have a birthday, plz say xx&gt; 
Dear gogosar82, Your video, low rider #2, may have content that is owned or licensed by WMG. 
@Willie_Day26 wow I wanted to go to that show sooo bad!  Good luck and enjoy ya selves!
hangover again that now happened for 8 days  not even funny i really feel i may die, gonna have a little sleep then its sunshine time
I have such a sore throat, and lots of work to do. Its a nice sunny day and chances are I won't get to enjoy it  xx
I wore 4in heels tonight for seven hours and my feet are killing me 
@CllrTim I've had my lurgy all week and so far no respite even with beechams! 
@Tula_NDubz ah am so jealous! Am at work starin at the sun out the store window!  lol
BGT was AWESOME! but 6 hours of revision until the final  Gutted! x
@FrankieTheSats @LittleFletcher @DebbieFletcher @tommcfly @dannymcfly @dougiemcfly @gfalcone601 can u plz say Happy birthday Or&amp;Roni?   xx
Today is a beautiful day Sun is shining! I'm going 2B stuck inside at work  Oh well. Hope you all have a wonderful day EVERY moment COUNTS
@olganunes okay, so we have ended up staying up till 4  enjoy the tits tomorrow; i'm going to strongly consider long-term hibernation
@razitul Yeah, next time I'm gonna see her is Jan2010!  But with the technology nowadays, everything will be alright.  Have fun later.
is so annoyed with twitter as it wont let me change my picture  grrr
@_anthonyjames Haha aww.. i havent been gym in like a week lol  big fail lol haha coool do you enjoy it? i'm moving to japan in july 
Golf @ Moss Vale tomorrow morning. 6am start. No FA Cup Final for me until tomorrow evening 
belli I miss you..! i wanted go to you!I hope, you have fun, also without me 
wonders why she even bothers sometimes. it gets really tiring 
On way home from brummie.. Wig wam were actually amazing.. I miss them already 
So depressed that have to work today AND tomorrow thru sunshine 
@FrankieTheSats do you hate me?  why dont u answer to me? plz say 'Happy BirthDay Or and Roni' plz it's will make them happy. 
I think it is royally unfair that having spent a day drinking nothing but sparkling water, my body's in hangover mode  Too much sun...
Writing a cheque to the tax man! Not happy! 
@tommcfly Toy story 3 looks like its gonna be awesome, shame we have to wait til next june  &lt;3
is missing her boyfriend even though he is only a couple rooms away  bad night but i get to spend the day with my baby so it's all good(:
sooo sunnyyyyyyy out today boooooo im in work 
can't be doing with this work during good weather! its unfair 
@bitter_cherry lol. im coughing,im sick  it's 8:52 and I have swine flu. POOH! lol nah. what time is it in USA? is that where you live?
Listening to the funny people in Langton's, wishing I was there! 
We just couldn't deal with the catfights, and keeping all ours separated from him much longer. Our furbabehs were not happy.. 
awful morning! worried about my sister..shes got a bad migraine. no time left for relaxing or something..  but im excited about the party!
is at a funeral. 
Safely arrived in Italy!!! AMAZINGGGG. But I miss someone already 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
Oh, the games conference at Bedfordshire Uni I got invited to is cowering under the awesome that is E3 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz   x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz   xx
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@ohaudrey unfortunately in nth adelaide but I have a lot of hw to do sao I must go home soon 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
i felt so sorry for that hollie on britains got talent last night  glad she got through 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz   xx
I better get ready for work... even if I try to deny that I have to go in today I have to. 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz   x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  xx
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
doing maths  i would enjoy it if the jonas brothers came out of my poster and encouraged me with my trigonmetry
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@jesssicababesss It was sooo funny, she tried to the first time but all them people were there 
@PammaApple i wish i could make your work be a vacation, unfortunately im no genie.  Good Luck in work today!
@hellorhiannon ah no, that sucks  we made sure we cooked them properly! picnics are totally amazing!
Is excited for the start of the Triple S! Too bad there's no wind today 
@fra66le am MASSIVELY jealous!! i wanna live near the beach.. 
Pessimism - So my life sucks sometimes.  I'm feeling really pessimistic right now hence the below quote'... http://tumblr.com/xoq1wmlxx
lying in bed sooo ill and in pain had a headache for 4 days straight and a chest infection NOT HAPPY gggrrrr 
@tommcfly @tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  they are huge fans of mcfly and it's will make them very happy ! x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
Is very upset because I set my alarm for the wrong 4:30 and missed the sunrise 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  xx
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
twitter is getting less fun everytime.... 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  comon comon comon Tom! i know you here. x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
I seriously don't care if rake makes you happy, in a .NET oss Project I expect to be able to build with a NAnt..  Fluent NH build is PITA
I'm so annoyed that i'm NOT going to meet John Green tomorrow!     http://tinyurl.com/m9wuk3
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@simonives unfortunately that would involve installing the KDE libs, dont feel like doing that just now  ... might give KDE  a go soon
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
Photos from Nigg bay yesterday!http://www.flickr.com/photos/spoiltpig/  It's so BEAUTIFUL I'm annoyed no one will go back with me today 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
its sunny and i'm stuck inside 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  xx
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@paupaula I did, P! Oh gosh the cake was awesome ;) It really is. Btw, I can't go tomorrow  Dad is getting the day off. I feel bad, rly!
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  xx
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@ms_cornwall Not even a frankfurter? 
@claudiobeti Have fun @ tylosand 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
Danny deleted his Tweet to me :/ I'm glad I print screened lol, but still 
@abitheamazing I thought so... except now there is no chocolate left  makes me sad! haha
Prague is going to be the New Paris! enjoying my last day . Sad smiley 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  xx
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz 
@ozchickie i dont think so..  be fun to tweet wit kylie
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  xx
@tommcfly plz say &quot;Happy Birthday Or , Roni &amp; Mickey!&quot; plz plz plz  x
@chibi_sora is jealous i cant come round for parties 
How beautiful is this weather? I wish I could enjoy it instead of revising... 
Am gonna miss J Leno on TheTonight Show!  I welcome Conan whom I find an enjoyable hoot, but there's somethin endearing about J. Oh well!
Raining again. Geez. I hope it`s sunny tomorrow. 
Wish wish wish I was from Ipswich - you get soooo much more house for your money there! One even has a swimming pool! I want I want!! 
http://twitpic.com/6902y Peace in the sky i cant enjoy 
@JuliaBeverly Bye  I'm gonna miss da &quot;A&quot; even tho u neva fed me those strawberries   LOL j/k
JSON serialization in C++ yay what fun. Should be coming to boost::serialization soon... but I need it now 
WokE up N sTiLL can't Believe the nuggets lost smh felt like they wuznt even tryin  but we takin it nxt time
@SammieBaby_ WokE up N sTiLL can't Believe the nuggets lost smh felt like they wuznt even tryin  but we takin it nxt time
@sanjayprasad I am also rather jealous 
@RoseWired Have fun...I am having lunch with Tomm 
@codymckibb  Unfortunately, no. I'll be here in Aussie.
@samyice Enjoy yourself! I miss you 
sunburnt face is never fun 
@reina_curacha waaaa I wanted so to be there but unfortunately the night out is sleepy na 
@Makememeltrfku I am so happy you get to meet Dierks. Just wish I did too  But I get to go to LCB.
While others enjoy the sunshine, I'm stuck at home with an aching back and ManFlu.  Woe is me. 
@blessedlamb  Don't drink all the apple drink witout me wile I'm not der  mani luvz u my hj partner muah muah we always here 4ya
hmmm im excited, work today at 3  meh its fun but i cba lol, facin up tonight  o well, i hate how ive eaten all the ice creams  x
nursing a summer cold  waiting for @stretch and kids to come back from town. amazing weather - would rather be on beach 
Slept for a little now up at 4 am with a stomach ache  Awesome.
@OUBad your up awfully early or did you even go 2 bed? gotta get ready for work 
eyes still red from Marley &amp; Me last night.  farmers market opens 2day.  cookout w/ ILs this evening 
why am i always the one full of a cold in the middle of the nice weather! nt fair  oh well
@josaay http://twitpic.com/67pf5 - lol so funny and im not angry 
Is there neat way to indicate ironyjoking? Been said my 'I'm out of here' might upset US cousins cause indicates disgust about the place. 
Another great song for another beautiful day ... even though I'm stuck indoors   Queen Bitch - David Bowie ? http://blip.fm/~7bdem
Angry with La Redoute. Gits tease me with cheap, nice clothes only to rip them away from me and I can't find them again. 
@johncarlton007 Thanks for the awesome seminar today (&amp; making me talk to people!!). Just sorry I was unable to catch you &amp; say hello. 
@TahliaJohnson ohh i dont think you understand how jealous i am 
Cannot believe how hot it is and I can't even have a proper drink today  so so worth it though!
Fun day in the sun at the airport shooting the chopper dialogue scenes. No stunts yet  http://twitpic.com/690h2
@BethRegattieri omg so jealous, that sounds like heaven! I just finished work so I'm tired and hungry on a smelly train  haha
A beautiful day and I have to work ...   But hopefully I'll get out early to enjoy the sun!
@alice_verney Oh awesome. Today I was busy - saw my dog at the vet... she might not die now... find out on mon/tues if she gets put down. 
Had fun yesterday, and then it had to end, everybody had to go home, and demi had to leave DX. I miss her already  ..
@tommcfly Okay have fun dude! And hurry up over there your english fans are missing you like hell dude! NOT GOOT (N) 
is loving the sun and sinatras , tis awesome , still no Lenny tho 
sigh. leave it to math to drive me mad and depressed 
@1capplegate so upset SW is cancelled  the show was great!  bad move by the network :\
@YesMaytee I felt really bad when she started crying, but it wasn't fair that she got through :/ I wanted the lady man! 
@srmalone66 oh no!!! That is no fun! I'm sorry... 
Can barely wall with her scraped foot. Was too excited to take underwater photos of her bro and niece. 
@AprilShotYou jeff never gives me play time  i even let him be the big sopn
@edgedood Sweet! I ordered Jesus Wants to Save Christians a coupla days ago, and I'm annoyed it hasn't arrived yet  I HATE POST!
Awesome night last night! Pity about the hangover 
i am the most jealous of @tommcfly  i wish i was going to rio today!
@karenisnt yeah we are, wish you were here  finally calling it a night, enjoying the Museboard now with some music, it's COLD!
I want to go to America!  I think part of me belongs there. So lets start a 'plane fund' for me to fly there.
@bitter_cherry  At least Telemundo could leave this baby alive.At least they could leave something of Santos And Barbara !!
@bryodos Not in 3D unfortunately  but the storyline alone is amazing enough, I'm planning on seeing it a 2nd time though, in 3Dness =]
Brilliant day outside and I'm stuck in the flat working on my dissertation. Maybe if I sit near the window I can get a tan 
i want to take pictures &quot;just for fun&quot; again..... 
Algu'm me ajuda a arrancar de mim essa maldita coragem.   - I've got a bad, bad feelings. it's gonna be a long long way to happy...
@bitter_cherry   At least Telemundo could leave their baby alive.At least they could leave something of Santos And Barbara !!
@SpringWestEnd coming to see the show tonight, it's going to be amazing, can't believe it's closing 
Terribly sick  i'm not even hungover...although my mom asked me if i was. This really sucks
that was a hard evening yesterday and now feeling not so good 
10 days left until my CUTIE returns from her trip in Australia and Asia! Im so excited!! She left a year ago..  Love love to all xx
@dannyjclayton not me  is it awesome?
What A Loverly Sunny Day Today! shame im working and not out in the sun, dang it. 
@RayleneCaceres I don't even have friends. Hahaha  ugh!
@aafreen Ha ha ha.. tats wonderful news!! Lokks like u guys had pretty good time.. lucky u.. i was stuck at office till 2 in the mornin.. 
@Cjzoom Lol I still find the time to go on it even though Ive got school exams really soon 
Revisin' again, i can;t see any fun in the next two or three weeks jus exams 
*Sigh*   Leno had his last show last night. How sad to see him go.    Conan will be great though, he's awesome as well.
@snedwan She's so cute.Proud daddy ! I'm ok,i have to study all day for an exam I have tomorrow  and i'm cold,the sun went off 
@l4v4 i love ireland but i love me some booze &amp; good company too  enjoy everyone | epic dance &amp; flip a cup por moi &lt;3
a sunny day, no work, should be either in the Peak district hiking or at Fircombe Hall on the coast... Instead stuck in Dinno... 
I'm off, going on running machine then sunbathe a little  Looking forward to the meal later, even though I'll miss BGT! Haha 
i want chocolate ....  but i want MERCYDYANDEDIOSCASAS more than chocolate because she makes me happy more than chocolate do ...
@alfone  well that sounds like it is going to be fun... how is the weather? Recently L.A. has been drizzly &amp; overcast 
@TipperaryTed I feel i could be the first to die of hangover-related sunlight exposure 
is really upset that i didn't get too say Bye.... 
@CodeBeard enjoy your last day in foreign. It'll seem like years have passed by this time next week... 
twhirl has problems with its unfollow function  .. tweetdeck keeps crashing on my laptop, dont like destroytwitter.. anythin else outher?
@zebedeejane aww shame  never mind enjoy the sun you will have to get an umbrella for garden so you dont get too hot xx
On the way to the concert after an even longer day visiting Banteay Srei, Ta Prohm, and Bayon. Ta Prohm was AMAZING. But I miss my girls 
@TraceyHewins@chorale oh yeah.spamhughhefnergals   That's no fun is it  Bummer it is 
@timlovejoy how are Chelsea doing? I'm at a kids trampoline party  so don't know. Peace &amp; Love
@italianseeker My grandmother was Sicilian &amp; used to make Pasta with Eel, so your cod wouldn't surprise me. You made fun of my sushi tho 
Not feeling well enuff to go and enjoy the sun. Bottom  . Being a woman is hell.
Was considering switching to TekSavvy.  Had question.  Sales = BS answer.  Q not even posted to DSL forum.    Lost customer. #TekSavvy
@Rosellyanna heyy im good thanks..is julie ok? i cant translate your conversation so i dont know what she's saying :s but she seems upset 
WOW! What a wonderful birthday morning. Do wish the fog and drizzle would go away though. No mail for two days again 
It's a Saturday evening, and I'm alone at home. 
happy birthday to me! not pleased with being up this early 
# Leno @J_Sizzle25 *Sigh* Leno had his last show last night. How sad to see him go.  Conan will be great though, he's awesome as well.
In the office.  It's Saturday.    Hopefully getting in here early will get me out of here early, to enjoy this beautiful day!
@fezwrecker have fun, but be sure to come back or our feathers will be sad. 
just a few rollups left  better enjoy eating them before they're gone for good!! 
I'm so irritated, I've lost my camera's cable so I can't upload my pics! 
Sorry but we're sold out of Tony Neale's amazing salad mix  More next week!
My stomache is hurting.    I went to bed at 5 and it's not even 8..I just want to sleep. I think I am slightly dehydrated..drinking water
@ms_cornwall oh look at that sun outside  have a fantastic barbecue and raise a sausage to us working today...
@LucasCruikshank  hey i cant even go to one of your signings  cause i live in australia haha
I'm so annoyed I have to work on the hottest day ever!! 
is nearly all packed but loving the sun too much. not fair i have work soon 
i miss loosewomen on a weekendd  @McGiff haha! i'm so sad i even come home for dinner to watch it lol!!!!!!!
@BlessedBy3Kids I missed it! 
Spoiled Emily's awesome saussage/pasta thing 
@beckles71 Server is down I think, can't get to my blogs to work there or even to the control panel 
Karine Ruby died in Chamonix yesterday. How can be so touched by someone we don't even know? RIP Karine. 
@AmberCadabra I plan to do everything I need to do from bed. Unfortunately I've run out of coffee so my plan is sunk already. 
@MakingOurEscape you seemed kinda eager to me! haha.. but yea its like how we gt our BS coursework back when we thought that THAT WAS IT 
fuuck 5 am srsrly!? I wasn't even drinking! I was the D Driver!  F*CK 5hrs sleep :'(
is sharing her bed with her little boy who has an ear ache, not fun having a bub in pain 
@camiknickers At least you have a garden. JEALOUS 
@mileycyrus Dont feel  your are so amazing and beautiful. Your such an inspiration and you should be happy about that! Big fan, Catie xxx
@twinklybird and the pwnage of your exams will also continue! keep it up! only why does it always have to be sunny while studying 
Is sunburnt  Amazing weather for cardiff though, more than barcelona yesterday! GOODTIMES!
@Nolex been alright. doing the usual. all work no fun 
Happy Saturday.. But I have to study.. 
Bout to get up &amp; get ready for my favorite uncles funeral 
I would love Saturdays so much more if I didn't have to work!! Hate when work gets in the way of fun!  
@nueva_voz Bon matin! One of me mates is over thisavvy, tho am sans Bertie  but then this evening... I'm back on the telephone yay!
Am jealous dad is eating out in Shanghai tonight and I am freezing and stressing out here. 
@xxmileyfan02xx verry good i had alot of fun there!! but now i have to learn for examens 
@kareninasaenz I miss TWIST!  Didn't even get to see you guys the whole summer.
da bad side of working with children is having 2 write down how n different ways they can get abuse n it hard n upsetting 
@j0hnby Because my fiance gets stuck on &quot;raids&quot; all the time and I find it irritating! I'm a WoW widow before I'm even married... 
@hu_hu_cool youtube doesn't even work properly for me  must be something i fucked up
@tholdersr almost...i was a bit overwhelmed with the replies and forgot a few additions. hopefully no one is upset 
Looks like the Beeb have updated the content but not the audio. Sorry everyone, but it's beyond my control. 
My penance for 5.5 days + 2 weekends off: 2 days of work on a sunny weekend.  Must get stuck in now 
@TariAkpodiete Im not sure but this really sucks....sad &amp; unfortunate... 
I might be epilectic. I keep falling asleep and missing important events like picking people up. 
Happy Birthday Nick!  I'm going to DM for him for 6 hours 'cuz I cant afford a gift right now.    Feel bad he bought me a laptop for mine.
Love reading drunken tweets the next am. Feel like absolute shit; I missed hangovers though. Two hours until on call fun starts. 
Ooh what a lovely weekend it's going to be. Shame I have loads if unpacking still to do before work on Monday  depressed myself now!
@mileycyrus aww milwy  feel happy you'll always have us (:
@LauStack aaah!! it so wasnt fair!!!  xx
Why did it have to be mega nice and sunny on the weekend that i work friday to sunday? fuck you nice weather! 
on the way to my house now. fun times over 
It's awesome weather today! And I'm....here?! 
woke up today unable to hear out of my left ear. its making me disorientated and miserable 
@LisaMarie514 Looks like the sleep genie is unhappy with you &amp; @queenohearts &amp; @steviespin. Bad sleep genie!! 
@Yermilla Ahah Unfortunately we can just say Yes/No   I DIDN'T TELL U?! few days before Rabat!! But stay cool! IM NOT IN LOVE ^^
@silkexsp new found glory? IM SO JEALOUS!  have a great time!
i feel so depressed 
Omg still no Blackie don't be surprised if I'm upset today guys. 
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it!! you're amazing &lt;3 please reply 
@cmantito I'm 50 minutes in already, it looks amazing 
@ddlovato aww have fun! i wish i was on vacation  can't wait for the album!!
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it!! you're amazing &lt;33 please reply 
The tonight show won't be as funny. Goodbye Jay Leno 
i cant believe im actually sitting in in this weather! i want funn 
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it!! you're amazing &lt;3 please reply 
thought having your own place was meant to be fun fun fun 
Just home, sooo tired! Glad the worst of today is over  Time to get changed and go sit out the back...with sun cream to hand i think!!
back from hay on wye  going off for a cool walk in the woods before co op work, fun fun
Just home, sooo tired! Glad the worst of today is over   Time to get changed and go sit out the back...with sun cream to hand i think!!
So happy brian is having the time of his life. I just wish i was with him 
Looking Out The Window...It's So Unfair that I have to study!!  The Sun is splitting the rocks!!!!!
I couldn't sleep good last night and don't feel so great today.    My tummy hurts.  Off to go practice playing/singing for this funeral.
Wish I was at the San Lorenzo youth night with everyone now.  sounds like fun 
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it!! you're amazing &lt;33 please reply 
@ddlovato hope u enjoy your vacation! Hopefully the Papz won't follow you.. But I doubt they won't 
@AmberCadabra sssh. don't give my aml any ideas. that was last evening for us 
@Clevfunguy  I would say have fun but I know that's impossible 
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it! you're amazing &lt;33 please reply 
getting ready for work and it's WAY too sunny to be stuck inside 
@jiantan we're having an awesome time! Can't believe we have to head back to Vancouver in just a couple of days. 
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it!! you're amazing &lt;33 please reply 
Estate sale-ing in the rain today. What fun...  
@backstreetboys ok.. ok.. ok.. just saw the answers video by Brain..  my answer wasn't there  but loved the video! brian's amazing!
drive home was boring and lonely but    miserable weather aye.
Im up in time 2enjoy the sun. If only i had male company 2go a nice run sumwhere.Grrr  im gonna hate summer this yr 
@crackershunter u know ManUtd is my passion. i dont mean to harsh u. beside my family canceled it cause it's getting late night 
@ddlovato woah Yay you!  have fun! i have to wait till June to have vacation and till August to  leave Belgium 
@MaxChangmin  many people will wish to cook for you if you want..aiys..just finish my grandfather funeral.. 
I am absolutely enjoying this HOT Sunshine of 25c Got my sunscream on from head to toe, cos I got fair skin I burn easily  Bubbly hot hot
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it!! you're amazing &lt;33 please reply 
@sixdaysandy Too ill to move  Have fun though!
@creattica unfortunately I have to revise for upcoming exams 
@crumblycookie was sure the Y-CCC would break the curse.  At least you tried them before the hiatus.  Enjoy the savory moments of life
@jimmietryon  my eee pc (900 mhz celeron) is even below the minimum hw requirements for adobe air. i guess i will  leave it 
waiting for buses when its nice its not fun 
@nikrichie aww  why dont you go to bed and just relax if you cant fall asleep  if you can then dream a wonderful dream  x
well i was hoping when i woke up this morning my sore throat would be gone, its even worse then last night 
The heat is unbearable !!!! 
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it! you're amazing &lt;33 please reply 
im sorry for doing something that upset you  i dont ever want to hurt you!
@johncmayer I should be in Japan right now. Stupid swine flu. I'm so jealous. 
@nicksantino I so would, if I weren't over an hour away   Good luck and have fun!
Have a wonderful Saturday my tweeps! Think of me while I slave away for 12 hours. 
@rohanbabu ah dude, we'll definitely plan something. I am looking forward to taking part in such events too, but quite busy right now 
frustrated 
@SuperFAFA sorry i missed your messages, updates aren't  making it to my phone...it better not be malfunctioning i just bought it 
@xoticbeauty but I don't even have your number...how his not me 
hahaha wooo employee of the month!  what a wierd night... very funny.. im so so so tired nowww  and more work tonight!
aww.time for me to go off  i had fun with @Stephie_Lupin .lol.be back on later ;)
@Kreeey Burn in hell, thou that does not know of this wonderful stuff  Biff i frityrolje med et tonn grillkrydder, salat og loff &lt;3
Summer hasnt been as fun as I thought it would be... weird O.o... i feels so boring.  
@VWsalesguyVA that's a fantastic image 
just wishes you would call; unfortunately I got my hopes up again  Dammit Weston.
is now home.     The past two days were just. like. amazing.
@jenarooo it gloomy this morning 
@djjaycee thats sooooo not funny 
@knuzzle, it cut off after one. Mail me some, ive wanted to try it for awhile. I can trade you for something.. Im tired but not peaceful. 
Boardin my Southwest Airlines flight Dulles to Vegas to Orange County! So excited! I hate that I have to fly United next week instead 
didn't get my bbq  but it's a beautiful sunny day!! Better luck next time...
Morning! The concerts at the beach were 'ber fun. Back hurts from standing in the sand so long tho 
glad that they are spendin the night, sad that tomorrow i'll be home again 
Just came back from Night @ The Museum, it was AWESOME. Matty loved it too! Until he heard that Parra lost.  He's gone nuuuts.
just taken 1/2 hour to learn to tie a evenk knot. I'm BAD with knots 
OMG!!!! Luv Chat!! =/   .... Churchill Fun Fair todayy!! yayy!!! still haven't gotten the emaill!! ughh  !!!
had such a good time last night even though i do have a huge cut on my foot from some woman treading on me and scraping her heel down it 
Wish I could use this at work this afternoon  ? http://blip.fm/~7bfun
Godspeed Disney Fairies.     http://bit.ly/ByeTink
A long weekend begins. The sun is shining and I'm happy ! Exams soon 
Anyone bringing me to the standout event? 
Fun night at Anarchy last night, lots of dancing while trying to avoid feet of people with no shoes on(?!) Moaned at for snoring again 
@ddlovato Is incredible,ur HUGE dreams have come true &amp; mine.(meeting u &amp; miley) havnt even begun!  maybe 1 day they'll come true like urs
afternoon twitter! so glad i ddnt go to sugar rush last night - blood was shed,not good. lesbians are vicious these days 
@t_isfortammy Going out in Northbridge makes me jealous of you. I'm stuck in packing for an apartment move and finishing some work  FAIL!
is a hopeless romantic.  http://plurk.com/p/x78vj
Why is the weather always amazing when u have yucky errands to run? I want to go play 
i got to work 2day.  awwwww, it bright sunny and warm outside. i could be at da beach, da lake, anywhere outside but noo..gots 2 work. 
Boy enjoying today, weather is great and I'm inside studing' just slipt on a mag on my floor and spilt my drink down myself. Not happy  ;o
@Kendal_ Me too  It's so unfair.
Even my dreams are depressing. 
I very strongly dislike learning journals as uni assessments, they are not fun to do AT ALL 
Moving day...bittersweet 
@sovietkiki Mebbe, but I dislike the freedom to live and work in the UK if you live in Europe. They don't even have to speak english 
Cleaning my room :/ So exhausted and I'm not even finished! 
lovely sunny day and i'm stuck in the house with nothing to do  my life sucks tbh :-/
@susanlu yeah he was excited about the upgrade for our phones that he got n I didn't. 
SummerHolidays.Enjoying The Sun But My Friend Is Gona Away.Im SO Bord 
on my break from work, frustrated that the barca store wont let me ship!! 
@983 Jealous as fuck 
@TwoPeasandPod Good for you!  I still can't really do much due to my hurt foot   Are you having fun in Florida?
@gulpanag I need a spa too. Why is life so unfair? WHY GOD? 
I'm out. Tennis tomorow have a happy sunday everyone. And think ill go finish the last touches to my room, oh wait we dont have blutack 
@Kelsie_love  sorry for you. I have never had pink eye.Not even when I was little.Maybe something irritaed you eye.You should see a doc
@AlanBarber Ah!  @bencurry and I are going to Cigar Affair before the Nerd Lunch...  :/  I won't be able to spare any time afterwards 
@ZRHERO mm i may do weights  i cant even do  1press up just tried 
@Nala_The_Cat aww sorry i didnt know it was ur bday on the 5th  happy bday anyway even if im late :p love yas lol
is across town and missing out on the family meet up at Seven Sisters 
Getting ready to go to the airport  HAPPY GRADUATION @shashalove!!! I love you!
Ugh, I was having an awesome dream, then Comcast called to confirm setup this morning. And now I can't remember the dream, and I'm awake. 
Had SO MUCH fun at school today. I hope those kids remember me even after a lot of years.  Haha! I hope I could see them again.
@AdamDovey Unfortunately, it's the world.  They actually had a news segment about her on TV in Australia last night.
Have fun for me please...working 
@Bambi_2790 Have a look at my following list, there's some cool people like tom felton and stephen fry!! oooh!! awesome! yep still am  ...
I've just discovered Chuck, how good is that show!! Not a patch on TSCC mind you, but still good, glad it got renewed 
I dont know why I feel so bloody depressed today. I have this horrible sinking feeling in my gut...fuck 
http://twitpic.com/6950z - Oh no!  Another sock related incident 
On my way to my Great Aunt's funeral  on a side note, I look damn good in a suit.
@plusfoursmax Ooo, I'm envious! I want to see you and IanKendallmagic and @mitchbenn 
Todays the day...  This should be fun. 
in london at last. missed the connecting flight to amsterdam. hope to  be home around eight in the evening at last. 
@Lexiemclean jolly good. Doing paperwork 
@Zita_S hey u have fun shopping i am painting my bahroom 
@NoelMu Isn't Party Down a pretty great show? I hear the finale is fantastic, too, but haven't had time to watch it.  
bored  should enjoy the weather outside clearly
@serenetan Sorry I ate your dinner for you already 
Bored sorting my things out I would much rather be enjoying the sunshine 
Why does my wet suit fit like the incredibles??  I feel so vulnerable wearing it 
About 3ish hours till eye appointment thingy... I'm Excited to get new &quot;looking far&quot; glasses! [current ones are broken  ]
Morning y'all! Gonna send some old pics to a friend, then get ready to take the cars in for oil changes. Fun. 
is still going kitchen hunting, but it's depressed anyway. 
want to eat a funnel cake. want to go back to Naples 
Lady Gaga has now bought her pantslessness (I'm sure that's a word) to the beautiful, lovely, radiant city of Perth tonight. 
@mandy1127 Aw you went without me?  I'm jealous! Did you see anything? Hehe
FRICKING HATE KANTIAN ETHICS :'( :'( too much for a hot sunny day to go into a little blondes head 
is unfortunately back from Nicaragua 
@DharmaDuck Thank goodness for that. Me? Normal? Never..... No sleep  Now photo editing....Joy
@Priincesss_ Yeah it's quite sunny actually, last weekend was like a sauna. We were dying. I'm trapped in my room so I cant enjoy it 
has spent the day alone but waiting on others. Now to fit all the stuff she had to do into half an afternoon, and no sunny dog walk... 
what a wonderful day. Sun is shining, what more could you ask? oh, Arsenal in the FA Cup final would be a start 
@RawPeople  going to miss this festival, will you be going to any of the others? Have an amazing weekend!
@lawflylikepaper its not looking good, Layners   I don't think I can even wear a bra right now!
just watched seven pounds  awww
I'm so moving to a warm place ! Hate the cold  and it's even that cold here. Miss the sun and the 25-30 degrees.I really do !
isn't enjoying not knowing how to use twitterr. 
http://twitpic.com/695rr - Nellie McKay at ny Uke Fest... Interesting series of events for sure 
Being an immigrant I cannot vote in Danish elections. This is so unfair! 
Oh wait, she's watching Vasantham now. Brb I go puke out mine and Serene's dinner 
sunny and 90! but I'll be inside 
my poor old dog is still out like a light from his surgery last evening. aw. 
OMG!! The weather is actually nice! England has out done itself! Unfortunately if no english weather this won't last  x
I hate being sick but hate going to the dr even more 
@RAWWRkatie Lucky!! I have '4.  can't even take it out of my bank.. 
@tristankenney Or even worse *gasp* ATO! 
costume fitting today, very upset with a friend 
Kinda annoyed at iain for whatever reason. Just over everything in general 
@Sweetashoneey chilling, its a beautiful day out there today! gonna go enjoy it somehow, after laundry 
@WParenthetical I don't even bother trying boots on anymore 
bored? on such a sunny day! seems such a waste 
is quite traumatised by the infestation that is killing my strawberry plants - a variety of bugs it seems  Any advice gratefully accepted!
@ObsessedDiamond aww, no  Be happy that @alexandramusic is back, though!! We're having a party on the forum- you should come along!! x
Jolene Cheok is craving for chocolate fudge brownies!  Comfort food helps calm the mind! http://tinyurl.com/l865ue
Saturdays at work are dull. Nobody is around and there's very little to do. The calls are always angry, though. 
OMG im getting sick!! Lil Traes video shoot tomorrow. Check the details myspace.com/hfeliltrae. I wont be able 2 enjoy it 
today is so awesome day expect the end 
While I'm thrilled to be up early enough to get A TON done today, I didn't like waking up to the news that Ramon Castro had been traded.  
@audreyawesome we are on the way now   it's like a 5 hour drive though. 
has just got back from taking the dogs for a walk. not very happy!!! they ran straight into the lake then jump on me!!!! 
How much more can a person break?I'm shattered...there's no possible way for me to break down even more 
@itiia89 @LadyScholar08 @sweetaddictions SWOONS! WHAT'S GONE BE ON AND POPPIN TODAY? NO MORE PHONE CALLS PLESE... C BABE BE JEALOUS 
im gonna be up all night working  company from anyone will be gladly accepted
wishing i could enjoy the NHL finals tonight and learn to appreciate hockey even more.  will be studying for the bar.  
@jonnyathan I didn't know about it til after the event  besides, I'm skint atm. Hay Festival stalking and car insurance has killed my  ...
Wishes she had money so she could afford to leave the house. Missing out on fun this evening 
i had a terrible evening. 
So tired. LOL soccer game last night in the rain. It was sorta fun LOL we lost though  2-0
@HerardJoseph Omg, I don't want 2!!! I want 2 run back n apologize 4 ever even thinking about leaving!!! 
@ zepinklady you're awesome for uploading those vids so damn fast! Thnx a billion!!  newbie fail for not adding #asylm #aslyum 
@Saint_Loria have fun!  Wish I could go with you!    Still sick!!!
@lo_mercurio YAY! Im glad ur safe n sound, and u had a good time. Sorry u got 2 come back to poop a$$ pittsburgh 
@funkyfairy24 Its my bday weekend this weekend so lots of comiserating to be done..lol...so won't be around for mass tweeting l8ter 
can't wait till summer! but im going to miss all my friends even my boyfriend   but oh well i can tex him lol
Ever have that teacher that was so wonderful &amp; inspirational, it made you look forward to school? I did &amp; he just died  RIP Mr. Rominski
I can smell BBQ + I'm inside working = not fair 
Oh help me! Driving in my friends car. Shes not 2 good of a driver! She even admited it!!   She almost killed us last nite! Goin2 Triple A
@ImJusInCredible the flooding, they were on the floor when the flooding began and i would wash them but they stink now. 
Leaving for Ottawa soon. Joy. When my best friends parents aren't home and she's having a party.  
@Wesupportniley why is life so unfair?  be happy!
@wendveronica I'll tell him the next I speak to him. But that wont be for at least 5 days. He doesnt even have email access  
@SincerelyLC Lmao are you so thoughtful! im charging my ipod but I need new headphones they're all messed up &amp; ish 
@KirstyHilton I wanted a quick change act, or a drummer/guitarist who is beyond amazing, but meh.. it IS Britain 
@volunteacher haha yes very jealous. its sooo nice outt 
@irgxana was very funny - i am in so much pain now - head still hurts 
I want infamous  not fair.
@damohopo glad you explained that, it wasnt making sense! Slugs in flip flops arent good 
@daniellefab hahaha well it was that good, but my sister still has the DVD  oh well I'll get it back eventually
Lament: I am at WORK. On a Saturday. When the weather is INCREDIBLE. I want to be out cycling! 
lm home, just watched Freo lose to the tigers...3 points ...Grrrrrrr!!!....NOT FAIR !! 
@AdamLambertNews he has kissed everybody but me  Even some fans who went to his NYC taping got kissed on the ears and stuff. ARGH JEALOUS!
nice and sunny out and I'm stuck in trying to mend Luke's lappy  http://tinyurl.com/n8yhr8
I'm quite annoyed with my self I've not done any revision for a whole two weeks! I've got 4 tests next week as well! 
Though, my design was a bit crappy to be honest though. not balanced visually.     meh.
I have to work all day today... Another nice day in doors. This is not fun anymore 
Grrrrrrr, sunny again 
arrrrrhhhhhhh im annoyed 
@unitechy @punkpolkadots ya ya... keep making fun of me like this  @spitphyre save me from these adam teasers!!!
Not having much fun this weekend: ill + working on yet another math's assignment 
is exhausted and not happy...I just wanted to get sleep last night but everyone wanted to party 
@agent_x I am glad someone got that reference... Suprisingly (maybe not) no one got it at the reunion 
The chippy is shut.  I keep spelling shut wrong.  I want some ice cream now, there was an ad on the TV. I had a nice sunny morn though!
@skorsch I liked Callum Francis, because he was really enthusiastic, but unfortunately he got eliminated 
@bluechargedlife So glad I got home super-drunk last night... killed 2 fat spiders climbing up my walls 
oh god, everytime there is a ZQ post on ontd, i get so excited. this is the first time i've had a celebrity crush since forever. 
rt @Kryshhs @LadyScholar08 SWOONS! WHATS GONE BE ON AND POPPIN TODAY? NO MORE PHONE CALLS PLESE..C BABE BE JEALOUS  &lt;- what r u tlkn abt?
it's going 2 take alot of getting used to, the whole TC saying &quot;had a great show&quot; instead of Thomas but i bet he was awesome.Imiss Thomas 
@Teelou  lovely  Ironing is the one thing I just wont do! have fun lol
@Sarahjane1974 I def will! She hasn't uploaded them yet. Unfortunately, we came home to my gram (her mom) in the hospital in rough shape. 
enjoying the great weather. too bad i now have a blister on my foot. ow 
everyone went to the rage :L sorry i missed your birthday renee  SECURITY! hahahh, have fun beauitful! (L)
@ChrisAGriffin unfortunately some of our &quot;other&quot; teams don't have as much pull 
@irishmel21 Looks like their installing pipe...of course it's directly in front of my driveway.  I'm so annoyed the didn't tell us!
@FollowLucas You're awesome. I hope i can meet you. But i'm in Asia 
@Twilight_Madd it's AMAZING. it's so cute, and you feel really sorry for Rob's character  i love it : D
i got shampoo in my eye  hurt lol quite funny now i think about it now tho
Spent a gorgeous evening yest at the Taste Festival.  Missed Hugh because of bloody traffic &amp; therefore my chance to ask him to adopt me 
@violinistaa  .. nothing gorgeous and sunny about today here  .. it's raining!
nish7x I do love pokemon I played emerald till battle frontier but unfortunately lost the save file...Download platinum but no time 
@CinWomenBlogger Unexpected visitor at our house this morning - I can't make it to the meeting.    Have fun and I'll catch the next one.
@nish7x I do love pokemon I played emerald till battle frontier but unfortunately lost the save file...Download platinum but no time 
done done done with my lesson...free to enjoy life...wiii oohhh i have to tidy up my room....crap... 
Sitting in the studio going over the routines for this video shoot. How fun! Lol 
Nice day out. Unfortunately i have to work. No plans for tonight 
@bern_TM hung over eh!? Sounds fun. I worked late and I'm on my way to work now 
Going to the funeral home to make arrangements for my dad 
I've got a little crush on the guy who sells fruit in the street.  He's so cute! But his pineapples are on the bitter side 
@appleheadstudio Private function at the Prince George, Durty Nellys and then sadly, Cheers. . LOL. We were going to hit up the Triangle 
Nearly time for kick off...exciting stuff even though my teams not involved. and then no more football for the summer 
adeventurous night!  workkk 
Sunny Saturday in Mpls...but Keaha is heading back to Peoria 
@raveslut WAKE!!! UP!!! WAKE!!! UP!!! I have somthing neet to show you,It's fun for both of us,OH wait your only 2000 mi away.HUMMM 
@shimmery_star Hey Shims I can't wait to see Damo again either  I am missing you all !! Badly ha. Glad you had a good night !
@doombox yep. today was our last day  it was soo fun there, regardless of the stupid sched :|
I cannot wait for desperate housewives next weeeek!!. Its sooo sunny and I want to go out but its hurting my head 
@DavidR1991 Nah just looked at one and saw a good review of it online.  I wants one they look awesome but they are expensive 
@nish7x - school takes all my time...Downloaded platinum and did not even started it 
@Angiiieee that sounds like fun !! If only I had a webcam 
@Larion  ....then &quot;Ventalition&quot; came on right behind &quot;Anything Goes&quot;...that definitely evens it out...&quot;
@Eminem what happened to you man, you used to be the wittiest white nigger around, the last cd isn't even worth downloading 
@kellydigital congrats pop! i read at a 3rd grade level too &amp; i'm beginning to think it's holding me back. my dad isn't so proud of that. 
hmmm.. @jolly_fella 's already following me.. but my 'follow' request on @mulder8scully5 is STILL pending.... 
League 2 club Accrington Stanley face a High Court date on 10/6 after being issued with a winding-up order by HM Revenue and Customs.... 
I'm happy with my new hair cut but have work tonight 
It's so sunny and i have to revise 
Funeral today. Please pray for me. I have major back pain and I have to play piano for a couple hours today. 
However dealing with corruption masked by red tape is even worse. It tempts you to invest in a kalashnikov to deal with the corruption ! 
@stephjonesmusic I'm sad  I'm not there. Have fun!!
Freaking A I was so sick yesterday. I even missed the Lakers game  But at least they still dominated!
want to be out enjoying the beautiful sunshine but migraine says otherwise 
is miserable! The Lakers won n Im sick again! 
@1capplegate I'm excited to watch but so sad to see the show end....sad pouty face 
@TheiPodKid that ain't fun 
@ddlovato I hope im there at your plane.. lol i mean come on. life's unfair. i'm in asia 
ASHLEY TISDALE @ the comet was awesome^^ but she didnt sang live 
I'm at work until 6  Enjoyed looking back with the girls last night...
@narnoura Ah, I am jealous already.  I'm coming in like 2 weeks. -.-
@mimicariad me too. i'm already upset that i'm missing atl/syg 
@ladyk4ever is miserable! The Lakers won n Im sick again! 
late getting up this morning... sad i could go to OU with my girlz this weekend   had fun catching up tho! @missdudley i missed yall!
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it!! you're amazing &lt;33 please reply 
Drinking juice in a little bakery just off St Catherine... The counter girl looks like she's miserable 
Okay this is supposed to be fun and this mom is making this girl do the fashion show. She really doesn't really want to do it. Poor girl 
hates him  bullshit! (angry) http://plurk.com/p/x7png
@x_catt no revision/everton/warm/content - but i have to go to work in 30 mins! 
@cammyr12 im jealous  i want gladiators !
@lollipop_nana Yep, such a tease. Can't w8 4 d official trailer though. Thnx 4 askin. Stl havin ths stupid headache.  Enjoy ur day, Sandz!
So far feeling even worse today.  Ugh. I just want this to go away.  Workin til 8pm. call/text it.
@longlostpenpal Gemma I'm scared for computing  aw no that must be annoying working on these sunny days.
my ears are ringing  im so tired but i dont wanna sleep. tonight was fun had a good time 
Not enjoying the secretary of state line right now... 
@ddlovato I hope im there at your plane.. lol i mean come on. life's unfair. i'm in asia 
@untitleddesign fun times! Great crowd, good music. Lots of drinks 
@amp451 feeling lovely, day is sunny ... if only i didn't have to study  *sigh*
this cold is killing me. seriously. why do i have a cold now, of all the sunny days in this country? give me a rainy day then! 
Not even a soft pretzel with cheese and a diet coke could make me feel better.  Some nachos and m&amp;ms, maybe...but that's pushing it. 
@evilkittywonka That would be awesome. I'd love to go abroad to see a band! Stupid air fares 
stuck repairing a PC when it's gorgeous and sunny 
Not even 7 a.m. and the neighbors are out arguing in the street and revving their assorted cars. Bah 
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it! you're amazing &lt;33 please reply 
just being depressed over nothing again which i hate  
@_MattyJones you know what? I'm jealous your sunbathing! and im at work 
@ddlovato I hope im there at your plane.. lol i mean come on. life's unfair. i'm in asia 
Stressed out, strung out, exhausted and need a break. Even a mini one might help. Stupid uni work. Not going to happen any time soon 
@seaquest18 its jus' bday party nga tonight eh.. dad wont even drop me off 
Yay for being in the showroom all day and not getting to have fun last night  I'm so upset I just used an emoticon. Yay three jobs!
is enjoyin lookin at the sun and blue skies but is sad i cant enjoy it 
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it!! you're amazing &lt;33 please reply 
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it! you're amazing &lt;33 please reply 
I' glad #pp09 is broadcasted online!  To bad it doesn't work on my laptop 
@ddlovato yesterday &quot;sonny with a chance&quot; came to brazil, i loved it!! you're amazing &lt;33 please reply 
@abigail_x3 I can do angry  Sounds like I'll be fine. And I've still only seen one of mine 
Jealous wish I was there 
Yay, Katie brought over her Wii and now I can play Super Mario Galaxy to my heart's content...except I don't know how to save my game! 
At #bea09. ABA panel IS 10:30-12. Now I'm gonna miss Sarah Dessen autographing. Teen will not be happy. 
Its gonna snow in the morning  i wish i could be somewhere sunny..
@gabehabe i was up and in the potty at that point. then i went back to bed but i need to get up.  didnt even get my full 8 hours :/  eRiCa
GRRR HAILEY NEEDS TO GET HAPPY! 
Just wishes he would call me back..GAHHH I'm so frustrated with myself right now..the one time I go to bed early and this is what happens 
finally found my goofy stuff toy... Brings back fun memories at Disney...kinda miss the US already 
not excited at all about working 10-8:30 @ walgreens today  but on a better note after working i am going to my uncle's wedding
@Cubikmusik super jealous of you right now. I'm writing my effin thesis! 
wants to enjoy the sunshine but has to work 
@cHaLyA Mine is too large for them too!  Good morning mama... Happy 2day!
Wedding parties all fn day @work....happy,but I dont foresee my wedding...ever... 
@Bugadocious girl i think u ruined my whole day u where right im lookin at pics and stuff now on the internet  but they do look happy tho
@suzit86 Aiden was brilliant! I just don't see him winning though - as George Sampson won last year  Talented lil cutie though :p
i desperately need the toilet but if i leave i may miss another goal  *pain* #FAcup
@devakishor Sorry about that. IRCTC has informed us that their systems will be unstable for a few weeks 
Gonna be in the studio all day recording &quot;yell on every track&quot; style rap while you all enjoy 80 degrees. Bummed 
Last day in Vegas. Unfortunately it will be spent packing up the booth instead of doing anything fun 
@mikeeeeymike did you see who did it? Damn man  even the case?
@ddlovato I hope im there at your plane.. lol i mean come on. life's unfair. i'm in asia 
This fuckin lady sitting next to me has on thee funkiest of perfumes. I'm bout to cry 
&quot;UP&quot; was fantastic - but only saw the 2D version 
NOW I'm drifting off. Brilliant. 
@danohagan Even if we do have to put up with ITV's pixellated block-o-vision 
#criticalmass everyone seems to be leaving now, and I have not yet found anyone going in my direction 
frustrated!..worked all day to get EZVPN on asa workng..didn't! 
Ohh joy..i get to go to the doctor  did i mention that i HATE doctors!!!!!
i must be about the only person in inside on a very sunny saturday 
is tired  household stuffs (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/x7uag
. Need to revise for chemisty, That will be fun. I feel like shit stirred thoroughly in a bucket. And Ive even let vamp. wars slip 
Working thru the weekend... unfortunately.  
oh well i guess its time to end my day........really depressed right now  GOOD NIGHT TWITTER!!
JJ with a good &amp; quick win, 61 61! Monflis seems to be on track and Andreev's unfortunately useless against delPotro 
@kobier I wish I could hang at #goruco ... I probably won't even get to watch the backchannel with my neglected honey-do list.  
@joybug80 will u be doin another yt video anytime soon!! i miss them   Theres this singer in UK called Alicia Dixon... you 2 have the same
@Ynachan In our place, you dont have huge events as these. Once I tried to get by as L from Death Note, no one recognized me 
Off to have a fun day with our bus kids for the last day... until next school year 
I feel like crap this morning...  I feel like I have a hang-over but I didn't even drink anything. Sux!
@DontBeASkeptik naw it's actually decent out now, about 63 and sunny...last week was extra hot, since i can't say hot as **** 
@anglcjen Man.  Mary didnt even start to breath heavy, and I almost died   Also, I got a fat blister!  A++ will die again in 2 days 
@ElyssaD Ha Ha...No sex here...   My hunnie is outta town until tomorrow afternoon/evening...The only love here is the battery powere ...
Wakey wakey! Time to get up. Going home today...Vegas bound. Had lots of pointless fun with @diannnabee. Sad to leave 
I can't play diablo without eventually hacking everything. It's a curse 
@SarahMillican75 oh no I completely forgot to get cake whilst caught up in my chorizo &amp; knicker buying frenzy  enjoy lovely x
@KezzieN so happy for you for shopping(although i hate that)and for the great weather.Here's rainin' like hell  and it's so cold 
@ddlovato I'm so sad!!!!! I whish if @ddlovato reply anything to me  Even if she say hi :|
want twitter on my phone! its not faire! help 
is still rough from lastnight, can't even face a hair of the dog (god it was a big dog) 
@StephanieRamsey  Are you excited/sad to move home? Pcola doesnt sound like the Ideal party setting... 
@1nvictus have fun on your picnic. looks like it's going to rain, though. 
@Nicole2112 Carlos and Charlie...the talking frogs at 3:00!  So glad you are feeling better! @understandblue Wish you could come 
Beautiful Morning in the bosque @Tamaya. Would enjoy it more If it weren't for the bad nachos last night 
OMG! I dnt wanna leave  I had soooooooo much fun last nite @ port chck in
@uhohcaitie aw man I am jealous. can't believe I missed the ~last Sydney show :| i will never forgive myself 
@warley I like it too, but i can't use the search function w/ the remote that came with my XPS. 
with my main man. thankfully hes not crazy yet. p.s. i am getting sicker and sicker 
does not want to be in doors while everyone else is enjoying the sunshine!!! 
has to stay in on a sunny day  ill
At Silver Sands Beach in Aberdour, fantastic weather. Long ice cream queue though 
@megzillathrilla now it's my turn to be jealous! In PA for grad parties 
Extremely jealous that my cousins are off to Italy for 3 weeks without me 
@evileonupe  I have rehearsal and an interview this afternoon. Then I am hosting an event tonight at CSU. So IDK if I kan kome 
@valeriesteinier unfortunately we have a packed day  we are going to the #dentc next Tues. Have fun! Would love to ck out Hi*Rise soon
Happy birthday @brilliantorange! I didn't know you were married to @sween!  I made you a cake, but I sheeted it 
OMG! I dnt wanna leave  I had soooooooo much fun last nite @ airport check in... It's crazy!
@FunkeyGurlNo1 I've been studying all the weekend  I hate civics :X
@ShadoeElite Yea I got that too  #mw2 looks awesome
@ChloeStevenson so i now have that crappy thing again 
@KashadGray dude I want some FOOOOD  cheesy tots sound amazing &lt;3.
@redkattseven I have this CD, it is a sad song... 
woke up with even bigger tonsils. cant go to brklyn, cant leave the apt. alternate btween ice cream &amp;honey chamomile tea. suck city 3000 
@julie__do yes !! you can do it !! BS it out of you !! haha unfortunately i can't do that 
Glad to see that I will be sick again for the nice weekend and only healthy for the rainy, stormy weekends   BOO!! Hiss!!
Going to a wedding were people haven't seen you in months or years. They'll be like. &quot;Wtf happened to you, you got FAT!&quot;  I'm not happy.
@SaraHuard well maybe you outta tell me about these things before they happen, that way I can actually go and have fun.  
@natzini No I forgot.  I didn't even plan to sit out for as long as I did.
is slightly depressed 
I hate the fact that I look really cute going to a funeral 
heat pack on dencorub burns even more  
just got home from dylans. have to clean all day. fun   ...... NOT 
just had a whole packet of fruit pastels but all were yellow or orange. not even a joke! 
@TYFO that app is so fun, but I tried using it in a real situation last night and it kept crashing my phone 
Just got again of memories for the ps2. Oh god im so excited. Fucking city of heroes isn't compatible with vista 
@stevie2straps and you didn't even take me on a hot date 
@Ames1103 Yes!  I am not even close to that time of the month you know so I have no clue what is up. I am annoyed LOL
@KrisAllenmusic Here I was praying you would tweet me back..and your not even who I think you are.. 
Have to go to the workhouse in less than 2 hours......not happy about that fact 
@brianbreslin @facebookmiami @UlisesOrozco and everyone else: I can haz #fbmia stream? Archive even better. At work and can't watch today 
Workin on FC stuff...I really need a sun and fun. This weather is takin me all positive energy 
amazing Muse is. its really quite depressing. 
@gomelissago Yes! There isn't one anywhere near me though  and even plus size swim suits aren't made to support my girls.
im already sick of exams and they haven't even begun! I wanna sleep through the next 3 weeks 
Sleep is amazing i hate waking up 
Me is too burnt to enjoy the sun today  very poo poo indeed. I shall sit inside covered in Aloe vera.......  hmmphhhhhhhhhhhhh
@sweetflor yeaa he did but it wasnt even that personal  i told him aerosmith was playing near me and he wanted to c them &amp; he asked where
enjoying the nice weather in my backyard, have been to a birthday party already and the korfbal match from Manoah. she lost 
Life and god is so unfair.....  - http://tweet.sg
would like to have even a little bit of time off work. Laying out until 11:30 then work 12:30-8:30. 
@tommcfly ahh i'm so jealous! i want to be in rio  hope you get some sleep soon! xx
Oh joy for early morning Dr appointments 
On my way to the post-marathon &quot;fun run.&quot; Sad that I won't be running due to toe injuries 
@miss_peetie  I can't skype from the studio untl I get my WIFI set up - Fairfax don't let us use Skype on work system 
@rkjames1985 nicccceeeeee!!!!! jealous much!! 
At a fun day today, kids pushing each other in sumo suits is always funny, especially when the suits are bigger than them! Sunburnt tho 
would like to have even a little bit of time off work. Laying out until 11:30, then work 12:30-8:30. 
came back from france.. didnt have any Internet there  but it was amazing!
@stevequinlan @ClaireBoyles another vote for Recession Bus Tours,  brilliant, although it's a shame Sainsburys will no longer supply 
@SoxJetsFan It certainly is! Massive event in Eng. Small potatoes here  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FA_Cup
@MzLadi_B I'm jealous! I had to handle mine on my own! 
not happy with ManU not clinching the Champions League 
immensely jealous of you all enjoying the sun.  i am hunched over dusty documents in a gloomy office, trying to finish a report  x
@mrscrucial  That's no fun. I still have trouble getting to sleep, no matter what I eat.. heartburn abounds! Gross. Feel better soon!
I'm pretty much super happy  for a billion small little things. But i'd be happier if rach's mom would change her mind 
Omg. it's SO annoying when you get in trouble for having a messy room. like honestly who (other than me) goes in my room? it's not fair 
Doing maths in the middle of sunny day. Hope im at the beach.... 
Awake and getting my son ready for a day and sleepover at his Gramma's. He's very excited about this. I'm working all weekend though 
Kaylee's graduation then Grandpa's funeral  its going to be a long emotional day.
is really miserable without Adobe Photoshop. 
@jbristowe It's only a summer job, so it's about $1000 they're taking off of me. Good refund when I need it. I'm still on stage 1... 
Between #flashontap and #flashcampsf who had more fun? I wasn't at either one 
I wish i could be as happy as the babies in the cow and gate adverts 
@joyeuxmort, @poprawkz, @ridhiculous, @dinophile Thanks guys! Joe sorry I didn't catch you before you left  Hope your summer is great!
is not excited to go to the dentist 
BUMMER! It's raining @ mission beach, boot camp  is canceled  Hiking tomorrow is a go! Happy Saturday.....terminator salvation anyone?
@Tongsquare no it sucks when you're a geek and hates sports and is forced to swim...  (but squash with MI*A &amp;smeguy that day wuz fun  )
@diamondgrl728 ...     why was the evening frustrating ?
boo. I was having fun until Billy/Sammie revealed herself  boooo
I just feel so depressed. 
@LoWaldorf glad u're havin' fun! now, go back to reality, study! ugh i hate it! i hate doing my report 
@somekindoffun - WOOOO BRIAN! (I have to miss it to, because of work) 
wheat-free, sugar-free, dairy-free, chocolate-free, peanut-free,tomoato-free,soy-free for the next 5 months... this should be fun 
im really angry and scared and sad right now... 
@bebiv nice!! its 25/26 degrees here but I'm stuck inside writing a report  no fair...
Sister: That toilets wobbly, you better not use it Heather. Might fall over on you. Me: I WAS SEVEN!!!!! 
@zombietown My palate is still bitter, undermining my usual enjoyment of the ol' nourishment. It's starting to really quite upset me 
Hates revision Specially when it's sunny 
I feel that my life is spining around with out direction. I have a broken heart and a miserable job, I am over work and under pay 
now i can't even vote fo mr twitter universe!wtf is happening here.it sucks. 
@ChrissyMBot I have been trying for weeks and telling them how amazing it's meant to be and nada. I'm hoping it might be on the plane 
@nayzek sorry would love to, but I have to head back to the office for the report I told u about  u guys have fun! thx for the invite ;)
@crystalchain me neither  i'm terrified of even having it done but so tired of being blind!
gym in about 40 minutes. As if I can even be bothered to go, painful feets 
@tommcfly UK is pretty sunny today aswell! Don't forget your fans over here please  xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
breaking news: i got atopic dermatitis. really really really upset. 
is now receiving twitters to his phone! Still not happy about the background not changing though 
@Yonoooy i had one @ Lise's place..but imane and lauren already told her the secret..@ school  fuckers!! but she was  happy!
@fakerpattz !Wow! I just had the most amazing dream about you (not Edward) then I had to wake up..  to bad it wasn't real :}
is jealous of all these people jetting off on holiday 
@julienoodle they r awesome! And yes the contest sounds cool! Not like I'm gonna win tho lol I never win things! 
I'm also suddenly not feeling well.  That's fun. 
Just woke up ...last night was amazing! I'll forever remenber it. I love my 8th grade family. I'll miss you guys. 
@PickNicole  I'm sorry. i'm surprised I'm even going. Its so last minute.
is so sick. I can't even talk anymore  and its my moms bday suprise. so sad tear.
@DanielJKelly Unfortunately, we didn't get a chance to make it to any events. @clhunter68 was sick the whole time. 
Did you know? Alberta has been officially rat free since the early 1900's! Unfortunately, possessing rats can get you up to $5000 fine. 
breaking news: i got atopic dermatitis. really really really upset. 
Just had an amazing goodbye party (???) with the dojo. Much sadder to leave now that I know I have such great friends here.  
Millennium MAXS Masters: Joy lost their 2nd game against Chilli Peppers 5-3!  Their last game in Preliminary Round is vs. London Shock! ;)
It's sunny again, after a few days of rain, but highs for the wkd are 15C and 12C. That's too cold for end of May, in my world. 
What to do., what to do.  I wanna  figure out this &quot;blip&quot; function but I'm afraid it will get too addicting.  Need to hit the books. 
Gonna get re-certified in CPR and First Aid today...FUN!!! 
@samara_yohai I think my stitches r too small  haha meh! I'm excited to do the beach scene one tho!
the man i love with all my heart comes on wednesday!! im so excited to see him again. i wish he was staying longer 
i just feel so sad, why he always ignore me? i feel like he don't even know that i'm excist. well, he look at me, sometimes, but still.. 
@Leslieasullivan NO!  I was so excited that u had found a job but that sucks 
camping looked fun last night, gutted that i couldn't go 
Relaxing before my long day at work  on a beautiful Sat I could be having fun
Got back from FLORIDA!!! it was amazing, but I am amazingly tired, and I have to work a 5 to 10 tonight  BLAH. Oh well I need the money.
We were only away a week &amp; in that time someone has taken up electric guitar &amp; decided sunny afternoon good time to practice, badly 
leaving the city...sad day  all good things must come to an end! couldn't have asked for more-even got to see wifey and hermanita! xoxo
Stuffy nose, sore throat, sad I'm not outside enjoying the beautiful day 
ugh so upset. the day after ordering my mac, a promotion is on : get a free ipod touch when you purchase a mac for uni. 
Haha Sun in SCOTLAND It is amazing. I'm still reallllllly pale though 
@scottcmusic Aw, love them!  wish i could, we cant vote in Ireland.  they're pure amazing tho x
@muhreeuhh I had to close on production and open server Sunday  ily2!!!!! Did u have fun?
@OMGitsJessieLee No unfortunately we are in the UK and things are not as good here for those things  unless you live in London of course!
this sint fair that @goonaffiliated won't hit me up  I do nothing but show love
feels restless....and exhausted at the same time.   but ??????????? to calm myself down. blehh. http://plurk.com/p/x86rf
Ok, the morning started pretty good, but of course that didn't last. I'm all emotional and depressed again. Fuggin Melancholy! 
@nessa665 I'm not really happy about it  arghf I think we have to get new phone numbers 
@mazza16 im with u there! if she wins im not gonna be happy  get to sleep now and then ul be wide awake for bgt
this isnt fair that @goonaffiliated won't hit me up  I do nothing but show love
I couldn't even make it to work this morning...Im horribly hungover! 
@laurensbite What the....? I am so jealous! Where do we go for coverage? The &quot;go here for details&quot; wasn't clickable   Happy 4 you!!!!
So freaking tired that my left eye is literally twitching closed. This has been going on for about 12 minutes. Unfortunately I have work. 
@Crippsy nice wanted to be there myself but I'm not  watching instead - enjoy!
I really can't  change my pic. Its unfair.. 
@performeradams No i am at work  you at work tonight or are you doing something that constitutes as fun?
Dont feel like goin 2work  But Im gonna STAY POSITIVE today&amp;hope my day will turn out better than the last. Have a blessed day Twitterz!
Hey all, hope you all have a wonderful day! waiting for the carpet to be put in then off to Universal, still sad about no Tampa tonight 
Hello tweeps and new followers! I hope everyone is having a nice Saturday so far. Me? I'm working   Hopefully I can have fun later...
im still annoyed 
Fun night last night with the frisbee team. I'll be sad to move away.  Sort of.
@Mrs_Bunnykins Why you jealous...?? 
@SophieGC Thanks soph! It went alright but I actually feel worse...can't even enjoy the nice weather 
is waiting hopelessly Futur Music Magazine JUNE 2009 ! 
I cant Believe its soo sunny and no-one is there to tlk to me orr anythinng ... I ammm soo boredd its unbelievable  
Another season of The Amazing Race is over. No more till September 
@sc4twit  that's unfortunate that you had another bad night... *pat-pat*
hope on bart in the nick of time which is wonderful new but the bad news no Icandy  sleep time I guess
not happy about go house viewing with my brother- we dont look alike so they assumed 'couple' and mention kiddie parks when looking at me 
wonderrful night...now being murdered by the madre...wonderful..peace out driving.... 
@bee__ I wish I could eat them.  I'm  not even drinking tonight..
'nother beautiful day in N. Texas! I need to do more stuff at night (laudry, house cleaning, shopping) so i can get out &amp; enjoy the day 
@DJSTUPAC  dont look like imma be able to make it. im moving this week so funds are super tight. very sad behind that too 
wishing i could be at makerfaire today and tomorrow.... arriving in cali one day too late... 
@pjrabice Have fun, I wanted to be in Tulsa today - didn't happen 
I also want to live in the world of Hyrule  or LotR or any other cool fantasy world. It's not fair. =(
sounds like #bcleeds09 is awesome today. Shame I'm at home and couldn't make it 
is waiting hopelessly for Futur Music Magazine JUNE 2009 ! 
@fullfilth unfortunately only ppl who came to google i/o got the invitation  too bad for us  #googlewave
late nights, early mornings  ..it's okay today should be fun !
@ousooner44 missed seeing your smiling face at #evfn 
Apparently the weekend now consists of Friday evenings. Household chores done, now back to those damned TPS reports. 
Is getting ready for Jasmine graduation.... Not so fun when sick 
@VirtualCD_CTEn Morning!! It's a perfect day here in Savannah for the pool/beach. I didn't even bring my swimsuit! 
In a really irritable mood and has taken it out on Master, it is only because I feel restless, I am struggling with the arab way of life 
Everyone seems to be enjoying lovely sunny weather except me ( and the neighbours)  http://twitpic.com/69cu1
good morning..... umm hey Chicago twits....whered the sun go again?!?!?!  no more gloomy skies please!
@winedinetv Wow - I'm jealous. We need to go buy a ton of lemons today for a big event. Wish it was for pie 
Disappointing day. Attended a car boot sale to raise some funds for the sanctuary, made a total of 88p after the entry fee - sigh 
Today is not my happy day 
Happy Birthday Emma &amp; Ava!!!! I'm kinda sad!  I can't believe they are TWO!
Oops! I've turned pink even though I used spf 15 
@fetosoap Oh, that looks like fun.  Wish I lived close enough to come see ya 
@kimmers2879 I never got to tour Lansing when I was there  No fair lol
Going today to pick up my new ratty trio.   I'm so excited! On a darker note, I'm out of eggs and can't make french toast 
@jennypoynter Thats unfair  I get jealous of everyone looking dresses and stuff, I wanna go look for dresses!
is upset cos her feet are sunburnt from wearing sandles now she has a funny pattern on her feet  xxxxx
Yo who has my copy of Lust,Caution? This is UPSETTING! I hate when my DVDs grow legs! 
frogbar was sooo fun w/the bestie.. i'm gonna miss her when she leaves.. 
@darker_artic sunny and 80 degrees!!!  Too bad I have to work today  What about you? How are you?
coming soon...a MySpace page!!  Even though nobody uses MySpace anymore 
Faced a life or death situation with a cobweb in thorndon park :'( scary times for Lydia   but its sunny so all is well ;D
gooodmorning,thesunlightdoesn'texist!    buut I'm soo happy! haha encarnei no ingles de vez/twitter me inspira! xD
@missmeester lol I'm so glad to hear that it wasn't YOU posting that other stuff on Twitter I stopped following it last week and was sad 
@ericxenvy I totes EYL. You deff had a better night last night... I didn't even get twirly  what a F41L. Whomp whomp....
@mikeschramm Good luck Mike! I would try the queue to get a ticket for someone (I live in CA) but I'll be at the Maker Faire. 
Why is it so sunny on the days i have to stay inside and revise? 
@DHughesy  haven't had a change to reply, I'm at home, working unfortunately  (in between patting a 1 year old to sleep.....arg !)
@ktabez125 lol its goin, I'm beyond frustrated with being home  I need to find a job asap just so I can get out of here!
argh it's so sunny and I'm sat here making books. 
Is getting kinda bitter that she couldn't afford the VIP tix for the show that seemingly everyone else seems to have 
Im so upset that I don't have any pictures of tim and I from semi 
@Undented   Tori Amos tickets were gone from the start.  I was on ticket master's site since nine thirty, but even @ 10 cdt no tickets.
@norahxx it's not fun to be sick 
@jeffpovey_poker I was a bit drunk and got really angry when I went out with AA. We didn't exactly do Europe proud, 9th and 10th 
@therealpickler me too!  its not fair to be sick at the beginning of summer 
successfully collected @misterbenji from his trip to the countryside - ;-) - &amp; sent @jazzshark off to Heathrow 
@DebiLayne sounds fun..... Not,  sorry to hear that
@Beth_Temple ugh seriously? horne and corden wasn't even that funny 
is having a cup of Spiced Chai tea with some toast and jam in bed. Headache and upset belly 
is really depressed  don't feel like doing anything but crying myself to sleep, but it's hard!
@laurensantoine I wish I could be there  Have fun though!
Following liveblogs of the #facup final cuz it's fun to root for my namesake #Everton -western MA cable doesn't carry it &amp; no broadband 
Baaaad traffic!!!! The ppl directing dont know what they r doing and r letting too many ppl go at once, not fun 
@Rubix_Cubic  *sniff sob* No I'm doing Latitude this year and Ed next year. I would like updates so I can be jealous.
@ramdomthoughts no clothes, no iphone!!   got the boys sorted with school shoes etc  Really nice 2 meet u! really enjoyed our chat!x
I still wish I could go outside...  I also wish I could bring Bebbi out. Aaaah... This just makes me hate him even more!
i am sun burnt so not fair 
bb's take a v long time 2 update ! baa  what a waste of a sunny day arrrghh !
Reports coming in that last night's Kraftwerk gig was not amazing.  Techinical hitches and bad venue.
-- I MISSED OMESH AGAIN TONITE! shoot! all of them said it was so funny, omesh played as agnes monica 
morrrrrrrrrrrning! i just went out to walk the dog and it is SO freaking hot! it's 10 30 am! and it's not even summer yet 
@andreamylla i hope so, but will there be any adequate transportation like now? I doubt it  this one's been fun, though! ^.^
Funeral  No one should ever have to go to these things
Why does the sun always go away when I actually have time to enjoy it 
has not got enough work done; won't be racing tomorrow. things must be getting serious if i'm compromising fun for college 
@sarahaida NOOOOOOOOOOOOO  and i didn't even realize you took it from my room. when?
@ForrestRCW Your little girl Uno is so adorable! Proud to see you are secure in your manhood. Most men I know only see eggs as breakfast. 
School monday  The joys of life
mmmm i smell like coconut, my fave smell ever! its sunny and i'm at home, bored  my cats being adorable though 
Working today is going to suck so bad  not excited to go to work
@mandyyjirouxx dude your so awesome  i cant sing so i know i wont win your little thing so  yeahz
8 dreams last night! 2 involved zombies  I did not enjoy those ones. Particularly the one that put me inside Resident Evil! *cries*
Christoph, Liv and I are off to laguna this morning! Yay to that! But sorry that my mentor is upset with me 
@hiediearwood @iliv4hm my phone won't even let me post replies on here. I don't understand why it isn't working!! 
@seankingston I'm jealous...I wanna be in NYC 
Surely a cold shower shouldn't BURN my sun burnt arms?!  Least enjoyable shower ever.
Wai! Free Hug event? I misssed it. 
@iamizzap The chapter. But ending the story with it would be awesomesauce, too! xD Oh, there's only a few chappies left? 
@TeenyTinyLeanne I clearly miss out on all the fun 
ughh im not that happy today, wow im such a downer! 
ahhhhh the sun hates me !!! Its so unfair 
@EviLovesMcFly That's true. I want to know the new tour dates  I'm so excited ;)
@pw_cc_runner    im sorry   thats no fun during the summertime
@buge &gt;&gt; them up, like they did with that Southern Wright whale  the seagulls will be happy, but it not nice
happy to be back within my four walls, not happy that I am now sick from the complete lack of sleep I got in FL 
just enjoyed a complete &amp; utter Estrogen FAIL    A new patch,  a short nap, cuppa Tea &amp; hopefully I'll be back to my normal weirdness!
@Denpasar mine used to love sleeping in the tent. We would have it set up all summer. Unfortunately I'm not THAT good &amp; kind a mummy. 
@chicityenvy No, unfortunately I missed it  I'll look around for it
Sunny. Not a cloud in the sky. A light breeze from the bay. And I'm struck down with one of the worst migraine attacs I ever had. 
I just cant have fun anymore 
however, Monfils provided incredible entertainment. I am missing Djokovic now tho - why are they showing boring women's? 
its not even sunny, I'm so pissed 
I'm very upset that I have not flown anything. AA doesn't have any flights to offer while &quot;On-Call&quot; yet they won't release me either! 
Why do i have such boring things to do when its so sunny 
@ katysmiles - i'm really really jealous. work at nine 
had such a fun night last night. leaving for the beach tonight! so much to do 
Wishing I could sleep in when I actually have the time to do so... And now I am incredibly jealous of all my friends who can 
@pnotechgrrl I know, I think i broke blip AND twitter  it's making me angry
oh and lameness - back in work tomorrow even though i should have been back monday  sad times.
i would greatly like to meet @ddlovato. but my parents dont let me do anything. not even if i pay for it. LAME 
excited 4 2day!! No body cares though!! 
@wandermere I'm glad you had fun. I've decided I may actually go to my prom. 
@ElyHenry Ah so jealous! I wish I could go! Instead, I must watch my little sister's dance recital. 3 hours of it. WOOHOO! 
Blech...such a gloomy day in Chicagland...   Finishing breakfast, and then I shall head out!
@Angelkiss283 Working is no fun!  How about today?  Angie and I were going to work on a project, but I guess she's going camping now. 
Goodmorning to everyone..hope today is a better day for everyone..looks too gloomy outside to feel motivated to do anything 
@heybrittanyjane aw i'm jealous i wanted to go to that show 
@samanthai yeah  #twat 's can't even play properly lol
@SessyTav i'm upset! there's no H&amp;M in SC  how are we supposed to get those TH shirts?
Sleeeeepyyyy   so HAPPY tomorrow is Sunday  
Is about to pick up my uncle eric so we can go to my cousin funeral!! Rip Mary Bradley!! 
... I keep gettin waves of nausea.. Not fun and ALL bad,I'm scared to eat  I'll wait awhile...
No RP  post today, unfortunately   it'll be back tomorrow though http://bit.ly/jDhm9
enjoyed shopping..for other peeps. hahaha..legs still sore though. 
@pinkiecharm Yea, I don't understand why they d/c my favourites.. paints (that aren't neutral), matte2, cremestick.. it's just not fair. 
@_Chelsea_Marie aawww... thats so sweet ... would u be able to do that for demi's? her new 1 cause 'dont forget' isnt even out here yet 
@DoglostUK Oh, Candy from MK was in one of my puppy classes a couple of years ago (before I moved to sunny Devon) 
To the little bastards that scrawled stuff on my windows last night: you are little bastards. Happy Luilack 
@RosieWickers Nice excuse... unfortunately that's not gonna get me outta doing homework all today  I wish there was a way out!
How can we enjoy our 2 yr together.Maybe we will become good frens after tat  2%... but i will tell him tomolo morn,we shld both try hard!
It's a little bit sad how much I'm looking forward to the BGT final tonight. Even though we all know Susan Boyle will win  
Snot Fair...why do I hav ta stay in n revise when it sunny out 
@paerole So jealous.  I'm so sad I didn't get to go over March Break.
@olympiahoops Goodmorning O! You know I'm going to miss you tonight!  Have a great day w/ur family,fiance,and friends. I'm so EXCITED!
@April_miss Nice.. I wanna get some fun time in before doodah comes home. Didn't really get to enjoy last night  More feared for my life
My brother broke his neck this morning going to see him and wish him happy birthday 
@Fuzzy2230 ohmygod!!!! that melted my heart!! seriosuly!!! awwwww  that was sooo sweet yet soo sad and happy!! y was he cryin though?
@iCharlie13 me 2  hurry up and come home! i miss my blonde sista that likes saying funny bunny! hehe
Wants good mexican food.    I need comfort food.  I am super depressed right now.
Yeeeeey &quot; HAPPY ME &quot; a5eeRan am Done with the 1st Essay&quot; i'l take a break n start wth the &quot; Ecological Footprint&quot; essay 
@AlanCarr Damn that was my first choice  Most upbeat song I can think of is Terrorvision &quot;Tequila&quot;....
@Im_Just_Chloe Sounds like ur having a blast. So glad the concerts are a success. Have a grt show in St. Louis 2nite. Wish I cld b there. 
@metal_death ok im up &quot;fairly early&quot; today just for you. but you're not up 
I woke up and it was sunny, 20 minutes later its dark and rainy  Whyyy?? I just want nice weather.
its hot and sunny outside and im stuck in the house doing college work  bad times
@DHughesy unfortunately I'm stuck at home this evening 
realllllly annoyed, bloody tattoo place 
@sevensteps not sure actually, itv.com might be the first place to look. Nearly over now though. Can't see everton scoring. 
Haha why?  Aww man  my little cousin is getting baptisted. Not good. He doesn't even know what he's doing!
@lanafromoz awww, shut down  there goes the home alone fun
@Lozzykinz Unfortunately not, I had to model infinite languages in Linear Temporal Logic with Buchi finite state automata 
@mckinseyann Ha yup it's been ages  Quick question. My sister follows you and thinks you are a different mckinsey. The one i'm related to.
is sad to be back from Becky's  I had an AMAZING few days!
Here comes the heavy. Seeing the ex for the first time in 10 months...at a funeral no less. 
@Kissthebottle85 at first I got excited because I thought that said &quot;a Jersey girl.&quot;  Total swoon fakeout right there 
Off to get eye exams today and buy boxes.  Tomorrow the basement is being cleaned, packed, and stuff set aside for a yard sale.  FUN 
i've been doing revision since around 1. i'm not happy that i am still sat revising 
went 2 watch a tamil movie Rajadhi Raja. caught up with an old friend. movie was awful but the heroines were awesome 
had interview, got job...  not appropriate at this time  Dedicated and enthusiastic Music teacher still available - any takers?
@TouchChatterbox Thanks so much for the offer. Unfortunately, all out of beta slots  I'll let you know when the game is out!
@sam101554 Thanks for inspiring me to visit Lorn's site.  Jesse's antivirus stopped 4 malicious programs!  He's letting the server know! 
Im so depressed  everyone is out and having fun
worse than a fairytale 
@benjamteal Fun! We have a big pool but it looks dreary today. Don't think it's June gloom early. Looks like plain ol' gloom. 
@CinnaMa REALLY?!? i'm soooo jealous  dvr plzzz
@angry_giant I now want chili with bacon. 
Anyone know DJ Lui Diamante reppin NJ &amp; Springfield, Mass?! I'm lookin for his ass on twitter. Too lazy to text.  I'm not proud.
Just took a walk with the kids lots of fun. Such a beautiful day, wish Justin wasnt sick so we could lounge by the pool 
.@juliarygaard no they were not.  but this is my last weekend of gastronomical fun...then I have to change what I eat.  #jealous
is so annoyed at andrew and thinks he is being mean and blowing everything out of proportion    and i love morgan smith with all my &lt;3
gonna shower and get dressed and then off to Worcester....to packk  FUNFUN 
sitting upset on a Saturday evening 
@MileyDemiFans so far .. i'm not enjoying it! i don't like middle school i like elementary school better!! 
All bruised and scraped up. No fun ... 
Can't believe I'm working on a Saturday morning. I'm not happy 
My brother said to most hurting things you could ever say to a girl, especially to me ... I'm now in a very depressed mood 
@PinksTwitFans  i hate when all my friends are out with there familes because then we cant go out. im glade they are having fun but n ...
learning,learing and bumbumbumjbum: doing my stupid homework hey its a sunny day and i must do thiongs for boring school 
complacent smile    self-satisfied!!
@MusicFanFirst dang, you have a show in Chicago coming up? I'm mad I'm gonna miss you AGAIN.   One day, though...  ENjoy your stay here
Going D&amp;D Gaming again.  Unfortunately this is the last time I'll get to game for maybe a month 
enjoying the sunshine - but wishing my garden wasn't so popular with the neighbourhood children 
Morning twiggas...my legs hurt soooo bad I couldnt even sleep!! 2much dancin and dropping last night 
Dang. Its raining which means we are stuck in the church and even if it stops we can't go in the grass 
is overjoyed for my young brother's success in winning a place at Antrim Grammar next year. Seems like yesterday he was just a wee lad... 
@BostonTweet sounds like fun. Already have plans tho. 
is not a happy camper 
spent last night in jail, spanish laws are stupid, I can't even kick a neighbor who invades my home. And no comm. with the world 
is not smiling cos i'm really sad i'm not going to see the really hot guy from my dance acamdemy for a whole year.  sadsadsadsadsadsadsad
Revising when its all sunny  I have to just work when its so sunny outside x
I'm very upset with myself 
@sanjive01 Unfortunately I had absolutely no choice  I HAD to go for you. Harsh 
Right, tried on every dress I own, pretty one is now too big  identified dress for livery / guild hall dinner and pretty one for funeral
i really suck @ doin my own nails &amp; i wish my niece was old enough to paint my nails for me but she cant even color in the lines yet 
Just got some annoying news that's gotten me down, Could do with a fun time now really 
why do I live so rural with such a meager internet connection when I actually don't live THAT rural? where is my highspeed cable? 
http://twitpic.com/69gba - I miss being in lovely sunny Florida! 
great weather, summer soon D, school is ending even though it doesnt seem to want to haha =P and the dramas are taking over again.. 
feeling depressed  can't wait til doc's  app on tuesday so i can get put on meds
EJ's team lost ..  it happens can't win then all. Fun filled weekend ahead still!!!!!
@angib23 cuervo's head is bittersweet to me now 
My life is just fail lol I just walked into wall... wtf?! How do I even manage these things? I basheddd my elbow! Grrrr 
No more Ziggy Milo   But his new home is with a family with 3 kids and a backyard so at least he'll be happy!
@qedtherese I was hoping to enjoy the day outdoors, but that doesn't seem to happen 
@FutureWWEChamp cool, do you go to any WWE live events? i really wanna go 2 some but there in USA so i cant  do u watch BGT?
Seven more painful hours away from my Cindy 
Its a cloudy day.  I was so hoping that it would be sunny too. 
is gutted she had to spennd this sunny day in work! 
Good match (from a neutral viewpoint). Now back to the chores.  BBQ and music later. 
@jb4eva000 lol..we can always find more dead dinosaurs...its harder to find random hs members...i wanna have fun too 
just broke my phone EVEN MOREEEEEEE 
Just woke up and its gloomy again  what's wrong with u weather?? Ur always hot then ur cold
@swiftkaratechop i'm jealous. I have to wait for my friend to come before i can get McDonalds.  She's taking forever!!
I HATE this ugly weather. Its cold and rainy   better be sunny out later, THREAD show tomorrow!!
Blessed be your day, my twiggaz. My knee is killin me oh so bad!!  I wana cry.haha g2 G up! Double C's in the AIR tonight!!
i feel upset with myself right now. 
@HemaPreya Yes, it's fake. He's even said in recent interviews (as recent as just a few days ago) that he's never been on Twitter. Ever. 
Funny... I see a relationship started on the day I had my hair cut... And is now ended on the day I had my hair cut again! 
i'm having an entire day to myself today!!  i'm excited but at the same time will miss my little lyndin  - we're together 24/7.
just back from town met Ms. Curtin aww the memories :L shes so nice too awws i miss having her as a teacher  its so sunny outside XD
gutted  but still a very proud toffee lady x
enjoying the morning. ill go get some coffee. gotta work for the rest of the day at 1:30.    
@XxDENiSE22xX havn so much fun pero omg my head!!! Lol I'm so sleepy still  lol
@Mimi_san Unfortunately, there isn't a real Adam Lambert acct. on Twitter. He even said so in a recent interview 
arghh my picture is not working! this is soo annoying me and i just hurt my eye even more  need to get up  but my bloody ankle:@:'(
Well I am seriously depressed now that Everton have lost so going to drink myself into oblivion, goodbye dudes  xx  Oh, fuck off Chelsea!!
Had a fly dive bomb my soup at lunchtime. I was really enjoying it too  Aaah the perils of eating outside.
Love fun in the sun.  But dont want to work! 
@mrscottsimpson  very funny lol I feel like a pure jinx. is it tonight you go to see quadrophenia young man?
back from shopping .. didn't find anything  i'm depressed ..
@heart_3boys Happy 4 month birthday! I'm right there with you, I can't believe mine is rapidly approaching 6 months. 
@morningreverie what did u get up to then? Where u going today? Enjoy the sun, I'm not @ work  can't wait for 7pm!!!
Wth i was suppose to sleep another hour..not fair! 
How come everything closes at 5pm up north, even on a Saturday? 
So excited that i've been cleaning since 7 am mowed the lawn and go into work at 2 to work a nine hour shift. 
Beautiful not shit weather! So happy to see it. No MoD practice today  So instead cleaning and relaxation. Maybe driving range later...
@samanthaang carina has work  oh well we can still go sunday at noon. i'll give you a call tonight after work. I'm excited 
i planned to have so much fun with him 
@tommcfly i wish that i could watch shows that you guys are on..america cant play uk shows even on the internet  please visit. orlando 
@sourcandygirl no problem, dear namesake.  glad you're okay! wish i stayed with you longer. 
gdnyt rainy saturday! no fun... 
@Barbara_W glad you got there okay ... enjoy your weekend ... 'hug' Montreal for me ... miss it 
@stankb I dare u do that Lol! u may be bigger then me but I aint scared to fight yo ass!! Lol! even though u used to beat me up  lol
Opening store, by myself until 2  JOY!
Wonderful Saturday, weather is great!! But I have to work today! 
@officialnjonas that song is awesome!!! but i'm sad cause i won't be able to be at the live chat 
Just back from a day trip to Montserrat. Very fun. Last day tomorrow.   http://yfrog.com/3ox4yj
boo! @selenagomez and @ddlovato are going to be in toronto the day that i graduate. so there isn't even a slight chance of seeing them 
@tshirtdart Thanks. I hope she gets to go to school for the last few days. She's missed all the fun stuff though. 
checking on twitter and than have to do some painting in the kitchen.  fun 
@james_a_michael OMG! I thought I wouldn't make it through the day!  hahaha but umm glad to see that you are back !
@ASOS_Amy Ooh you poor lamb. I sustained a bruised knee last night, attempting to breakdance in gladiators whilst clutching a Moscow Mule 
Uggh...I am beyond annoyed 
&gt;_&lt; i got stuck in a car wash with this really angry man behind me.  no fun.
@JD_2020 http://twitpic.com/68rqm - Happens to me all the time unfortunately.  But usually I don't have to close the bag! 
Playing xbox and annoyed that chelsea won 
@TheRealBPS have fun at the wedding!  i wish i could go too 
damn you nice day. ruining my desire to stay in bed all day, watch tv, and get crumbs in the bed. now i have to enjoy you instead 
Just missed the train.  oh well, home to figure out the best way to get to #makerfaire!
enjoying the sunshine while hubby has to sleep his birthday away and work tonight 
At work, missin my enjoyable distraction 
last night was fun! waiting for babe to wake up. cant sleep nomore 
@summerplum I keep forgetting about text msgs.  Good to talk to you, chica.  Happy Saturday!
@lynchy010 What?! I would actually be so annoyed 
@TinaS71 would love to see another show, even from the back...but alas 
Well done Rangers, well done Chelsea, I should be exstatic but instead I'm feeling angry, upset and a bit hurt 
@Saamia Chelsea won: means my dad will come home drunk and depressed. Mum working in the Den. I'm hot and can't concentrate. 
dance was yesterday! it was fun but sad at the end 
Boo hoo. Chelsea won the FA Cup. How boring. I was hoping for an upset. 
i'm angry with happiness 
@donttrythis texting n 140 character limit is a license to misspell n use poor/no grammar, nxt gen won't even know what an apostrophe is 
TIRED! The sun has taken it all out of me, don't even think I'm burnt either  x
@BatHannahh i know im so happy i met him, but i didnt meet nate in the end  which im gutted about! it was a good gigs, just a crap crowd
r.i.p robert now ravin in hardcore heaven  Im in shock!will always remember the times u mced 4 me,glad we got to share some happy moments
@JordanReid jealous!  I read earlier that it is really great.
@julieannart so sunny up here.     ...but I have class 8-5  You should get online at 1:30 so I can talk to you when Iget back in there
@LittlexBritain i miss NJ transit.  enjoy NY x
Finally found Oreo fun sticks at my grocery store!!! Ut-oh. 
Whatz the heLL why is Salmiya so damn crowded??? I haven't even reached Fanar's parking cuz it's so crowded!  I wanna shop hoh
stuck in the house revising for GCSE when it is lovely and sunny out side  dint you just hate chemistry!!!!
@goingmissing Sad that I'm not even in Supernatural fandom and I'd expect that 
On my way to work!  Hope tomorrow is a sunny day!
seriously, I don't even CARE about little things like THE MAFIA DOES NOT WORK THAT WAY, I just want the tenses to match up 
@nicolepalsa Hope you guys are having fun! Wish I could be there too! 
waiting on the pool guy..frustrated at the construction in my office because the bad air keeps making me sick 
it was suposed to be sunny today  i guess bak to lucky building 2nd floor if u know what i mean. ha ga ha
@GregoryRMiller Glad you like the  blind dog link.  New to TweetDeck, like whole 5 minutes.  Be patient..  
@gogogadgetrobyn Lucky! Would love to see Tori again, but can't justify the expense.  enjoy yourself!
I'm awake. Still kinda sleepy.  but woke up to a tweet from @killakel25 sooo glad he made to to iraq safe and sound!
@FerasH funny... Iam getting the next iPhone, and iam getting snow leopard on my MacBook in October. My MacBook pro is only for buisness 
funeral. will be unreachable for a few hours. 
Long day and stupid skanks never quit running their mouths so I can't even talk to him  This is ass
should be fun watching other ppl drink and have fun when i have to go to work in three hours 
@ThatDudeDill lol...you just got your G1 too...thats wack  . I didn't even know they could do OTA updates w/ the G1 though.
@DaletheWhale_ No  we wern't even allowed the radio on, didn't see a second of it  you?
@spartacus360 i tried on tank tops the other day and ran out of the dressing room quickly and depressed by all the gross flabbiness i saw 
I wish Maker Faire wasn't so far away  i would love to go, but no money to fly to cali and back 
@ianmt now that would be funny lol but i'm abit of a lobster 
@WTF_JayR I'm just goin for some sunglasses and it's at one of them sidecart things....shouldn't be THAT bad. Funeral's are sad. 
Missing the fun we had in abu dhabi. 
@deegospel...but that is unfortunate. 
Just had to buy comfy walking flip flops tory gladiators cut my foot 
Twitter just decided to change my page branding. How does that happen? Trying to reinstate myself to no joy 
@Anjeebaby Its not fun. I was told a track with a skull and crossbone on the sign, would be easy for me. It was not. 
Not even noon yet, and it's 84 degrees    Got my cake but forgot the ice cream.....Not sure what to do for dinner tomorrow either.
I m just so sad I dont even have a good reason I should been sad 9 years ago 
Throat muscles are exceptionally stiff and sore today. Hurts to swallow water even  But I have to. Gotta work my way to the mac and cheese
So im at the movies and i thought up would be 3d here but its not and im very upset. 
i was so happy i was goin to eat taco bell but then my sister said she wanted to eat at UNO so i had to go with her ..  me sad
Honestly I'm done with trying to be friends with people who dont even care about you 
It looks like all the Newport twits are enjoying the sunshine, very few tweets today  what have you been up to? Http://the-port.co.uk
Working 1 to 10. No fun. 
@sophieholly i feel bad for you babba having to work when its such a gorgeous day  *huggles*. oosh im annoyed dickhead is living up to it
Erf, no Maker Faire for me this year. I need to see if I can get a refund for my ticket. 
hmm, this spymaster thing seems to have passed me by. People want me to play, and I've requested an invite but no joy yet  #spymaster
@CullenHouse thats was the worst bit i read in the WHOLE saga... it made my heart sink!!  do some happy NM quotes 
@staceykoop  yay!! Congrats girl! I'm so happy for you! I love u and miss you more than you know!&gt;&gt; 
@iSpellcaster Not really  Not only addresses of illegal web-sites are unknown but even there are no exact censorship criteria of blocking!
It wasn't to be  but oh so proud to be blue right now.
@brianai I'm not jealous at all. 
summer sucks when ur grounded and all of your band members are gone doin fun crap.  
@dreday308 I was going to go to the car wash, would have been my first activity since joining, but I had to work!  Have fun!
@StevenLindquist I wish I was surfing 
@MGGubler i understand how u feel... totally miserable not being able to do anything... 
@BadGirlStreets even the boots I have 
Cant b that hard 2 get bike 2 work, cam it? I cant,even after training 
@VEGAS_702 hey I'm glad you saw it. Very humbling thinking of performing to you guys. Still can't believe Ron is gone 
its'a rainy day   happy birthday uncle!
it's a rainy day  happy birthday uncle!
damn, i need a seven in toms shoes. please don't be sold out anymore 
Just found out my amazing old boss, indie business owner for 60 odd years, has been diagnosed w/ lung cancer. One month b4 his 83rd bday 
 i got sunburnt 2day....In Blackpool :O lol my little boy had fun tho....chucking water on me lol
I laid awake last night, contemplative in the cool, tranquil night air of the desert. Now vacation is over and it's back to real life. 
@Justdip bed is always where it's at. unfortunately it's not where i was at. 
Enjoy No Doubt! They r sold out in Houston....  
I love my Julian so much! I wish we were closer to each other right now  even though I'm having fun, I miss him a lot. *sigh*
ok back home and drinkng a bottle of cold pear cider, I feel sooo very tired but glad I missed the match I hate football 
@jimmyricard71 http://twitpic.com/66a19 - oh ya she looks like she is having fun  get a grip with this shit
http://twitpic.com/69k4t - Just enjoying last few hours in Florida... 
I can't believe it.  we should of won that. Saha's goal was awesome and I thought #everton had it. #Chelsea didn't deserve the game
@anniemacdj are you having fun in the sun honey? i'm in the studio til 1am... missed it all minus the walk to the tube  roast 2mrw @ours?
T's trip was just extended into next week. Uhhhhhhh, it sucks even worse now that we have two homes I can be alone in, I swear. 
Holy cow folks, what a beautiful Saturday. Get out there and enjoy it! I gotta sit in the office and write some SOPs today 
@drsigne these kind of crimes do happen. Most of them not even reported. 
Its really not fair 
@30SECONDSTOMARS that's awesome! Too bad I can't make any of the others either  #marsiscoming
Gloomy today. Why do I have constant migraines? 
this isnt fair 
I didn't get any sleep I feel tired but super excited for Hawaii, &amp; I have a stomach ache 
weekends are supposed to be fun, and here i am doing homeworkkk 
 my istockphoto application was denied....they considered one image to be over processed even though it was straight from the camera
@Susanmorris I'm so sorry I haven't aswered you, yet!  I'm gonne do this this evening! How are you?
The Fender Grammy event last night was fantastic. They have many free events there each month. It's at LA Live nr Staples Ctr. No website 
@Eedabadee I think there is a genetic dancing trait for Latinas. Unfortunately, not for Latino men. 
@peterfacinelli it'so not fair....have to wake up at 3 am, cause then is the broadcast in germany.. 
@CandyTX  Good teachers are at a premium anymore. (Even though he was probably retired, no?)
I don't know what else to do on twitter! I guess I'll get back to faxing  it's not as much fun as you think.
@Luzhniki2008 As I told Kim, Diversity and Flawless will split the vote unfortunately 
@Audrinaaa jealousy is a bad thing. but i'm jealous. i'd love to have BBQ here  i'm lonely.
Celebrating my aunt's birthday party... without my honey.. 
Woo, I'm proud of myself. Did pretty good on the Grammar Final!(: Yaaay, I think I still have ss, tho. 
had a massage and is very relaxed but should be starting the next assignment 
My schedule this weekend's so tight tht I dont hv enough time to study. I even didnt study chemistry lyk others today  Ayo hrs bs kekejar!
@PaulPunktastic i work in a library it's not so bad and the pay is amazing but.. boring sometimes  i missed the sun once again today 
is happy i'm off on this wonderful sunny Saturday.... with nothing to do  dammit M'Boro!
Bloody crapms, glad i left shoot early  atleast my hats turned up in time unlike the shoes.
@jadorekc @chefj u can't even connect to facebook? 
@spunkymoose I am jealous.  All the shows in my area were far away on week nights so i didn't get to see this show   have a blast!
@aprilhill1 I could have gone my whole life without seeing that, but I'm glad you are getting the word out. 
@lisam75 i wish  unfortunately with average age of 3 - i was at risk of flattening the kids!
Celebrating my aunt's birthday... without my honey.. 
@alyssabernal good work there! Love to buy a copy of the new song but couldn't do so from ITunes  only available in the US unfortunately!
@scarboy Trying to work out flights for coming back home in December. Not much fun really...gonna cost over $1000 
Today was awesome... Should have put on some sun cream  i'm burnt.
And another BIG upset at Roland Garros Novak Djokovic is out 
@Lawcomic @MrsLawcomic  Jealous 
Sittin in the church ready for the funeral to start!! Rip cousin Mary Bradley! 
Glad we didn't return Mrs. 'En to C's house .. every last one of C's hens and ducks was slaughtered by a fox last week. Dreadful tragedy 
Today is a wonderful exciting day, but I woke up missing Steven and Patrick..I lost 2 (son in law )(friend) amazing guys this past year 
@HannahHindi i watched it last night... absolutely BRILLIANT... spectacular job!!! i don't have any way to record my reaction, though 
cannot do work while its sunny 
Argh ... 20 yr club veteran and I wear a thick t-shirt out on a hot &amp; humid night. How brilliant 
is seriously hating this stupid driving class. counting down the hours til 5  really wish I could be enjoying the beautiful weather! (&lt;3t
Had an amazing dream and is now disappointed it is not real.  and my hair looks like marie antoinette's wig right now.
@105Ross migraines can be terrible  congrats to ur son, glad he wants u to b there, it's just right
It's raining since yesterday and my surgery hurts really bad  me not happy.  Not happy at all.
Knackered and annoyed. Early night needed I think. Rock and roll 
@freddurst How come you guys aren't rocking out in Belfast?  We need some LB! Enjoy your time on the road xx
@BMK812 ughhhh u guys suck  im way jealous
hmmm not entirely sure what i want to do with my saturday... not feeling 100% and i didnt even drink much last night  
Bah... about 100 false negatives just made it through @defensio.  Marking them as such and hoping they adjust accordingly soon.
@InvisibleOrchid I'm jealous, I'm Polish, German, French Canadian and Indian. But I just flat out look like I'm Polish 
@mtarkhov Paintball sounds like fun but doesn't it hurt. I'm half asleep right now people kept calling all morning. 
my heart won't stop wanting what it wants. Even though he doesn't want me the same way. 
@mangotoes so what ru doing on this wonderful day? And I can't believe u ate popeyes biscuits w/o me!  and tell ur weekend sister &quot;Hey!&quot;
@DreamMyLifeAway lol we had fun yesterday watching all that old school stuff  Ball go down the hooooole
Back from work and missing all the fun tonight, meal with work girls &amp; family party! 
is swimming swimming swimming and enjoying the sunshine! Hopefully don't get sunburnt like last weekend? ouchh 
Didn't know you as well and as long as others but you always treated me with great times with even better company. Farewell Stetson. 
@kidipede haha we'll im stuffed and the happy meal toys are lame 
Annoyed 
I jus received 21 calls! Within minutes lol giving away free stuff on craigslist is so much fun yet disappointing to others 
No funds 
@NightClub937 Have fun with Brett! Drink a drink for me, i'm on my way to work 
@RichardCarter Baltic is good (Baltic has free WiFi) - v disappointed that Laing and even new Hancock dont 
@michaelskolnik a shelf of glass dishes fell on me and my foot was fairly severly injured. Lots of stitches. 
I am sad. I found a bouncy ball to preoccupy me and them it landed on the other side of the car. No more fun for me. 
@crnewman Don't leeeeaaaave!  I miss you already!     I'm so happy for you though.  Let us know when you are safe and settled!
@ThrushVintage @daniellexo I'm jealous. Life in small town middle America = no Ikea.  
day 2 being b.berry-less. just as depressed. though i'm thankful for my brothers razor loan... i miss my bbm  !!! crapcrap! tn will be fun
@stevenstruck ur not live  lol im bored XoXo Britt brit
we have this little boat and today we went to an island with it so i was on the boat all day and it was sunny and now my face is all red 
@xxloverxx vast majority of speed issues I see nowadays seem to be RAM-related. *everything* wants to use gigs of it 
@laughingchance there is no point even asking as i know what the answer would be! 
Still kinda upset about The Game getting canceled.  BOOOO
Bad nite.. Followed by bad day.. Followed by good afternoon n good evening.. But the bad beginning prevailed in mind 
doesn't want D to leave and wants it to be sunny 
Getting ready to waste this beautiful evening working 
Just got back from Dillon's house. Fun night although I fell asleep really early. And @borsabear left real early 
Darn'. I have just missed Damages on AXN! I wasn't even aware that Damages Season 2 has started  Btw yes, I... http://tumblr.com/xwx1wot2w
@vivapunkcabaret: it was fun. But i was really tired. And now my allergies are killing me. 
@TomFelton oh *-* it's so amazing! I wish I was there 
I am now going to go outside and enjoy the sunny weather. I played footbal this morning and lost 10-2 
has a headache.  This makes emailing peoples not fun.
Train stuck (point failure) and ipod stopped (battery empty) Not a happy bunny 
@anca_foster ahh, yeah, cold is TheSucky.  I'm doing fine--it's sunny &amp; hot out, but I'm stuck inside editing video all weekend. :\
@nonbiriyasan It's too early to leave country ...  It's quiet now thankfully  and this http://bit.ly/VN7Ud  is !
@adam_d lol.. I'm not gonna marry her.. hehe =D She is an amazing person though, it's sad, who she's marrying though  Good night! =D
@lttlejourney aww  I hope she's ok! Btw I'm so glad I got to see you yesterday! &amp; sorry I didn't say bye  I didn't plan on passing out
My INternet was gone for 5 hours &amp; now it's barely working  - Mein Internet war fuer 5 Stunden weg unnu funz... http://plurk.com/p/x94h4
@timlovejoy The huns 
Paddling pool is broken... No one has any in stock locally either.. GRRRrrr.. so upset 
@rosarioverducci u don't even know my name 
Went out last night!  Had fun!  Now it's back to work 
Thanks for the good luck wishes/speedy vibes. Didn't make my goal  but beat last year's time (23:47 5k). It was a fun race, though!
I'm glad you had a good time! Not so much about the food poisoning! 
I do love my Master and wish I didn't suffer so badly as I know he feels just as bad and probably as hopeless as I do  bloody hormones!
Not another satnite's happy ending with kidik  I wish we had a more time together, miss you and thankyou for your drive
@cathe2ine That is TOTALLY what it does. Unfortunately sharing your number with third parties her is quite legal 
something is sooo wrong with my picture... this is very upseting! I am trying to fix it 
Just finished a Crossfit WOD...completely beat...need food. Then it's outside to enjoy the awesome weather. And #spymaster still sucks 
--@freakboykels im not even up there no more! 
My kitty cat is not happy with me 
so jealous that all my friends are going to see @davedresden tonight in chicago and im stuck in miami 
@freckledphreak For me, i've had both a singular event and a series of events ruin happiness. Usually it was an error on my part. 
Hate that Emma Kate has strep on the day of her dance recital!!!! She's so upset. 
hmmm i think i should set the white balance before a gig even though i'm shooting in raw. forget i can't change wb on videos 
so depressed rite now!  cant talk
@sugarghc (contd) i think malta's cable has a diffeent mtv  even disneychannel ..its different form USA &gt; uhhh rly pissedd!!
Not another satnite's happy ending with kidik  I wish we had more time together, miss you and thankyou for your drive
still in alot of pain iwas hurt'n so bad that i didnt even go anywhere lastnit 
@kel_89 jealous of your fish n chips!! reeeeeeally want some now 
@dyaruv no burn intended  *Applies soothing balm* mmmsoothing...
I can't be offended by the truth 
@drewBdope Thanks!!! But i don't think i'll even make it outside today..lol. I'm worn out 
Shrimp on a stick, mini tacos, gorditas, funnel cakes and everything else I can't have at the Houston St. Fair 
Going to watch the little sis ice skate.    Maybe Aubs (the littler, little sis) will even let me hold her!  Hahaha!  Yeah, right. 
@zanessafreak93 I'll miss you too sweety. Nothing is the same when you're not here  ... But I hope you have a lot of fun *1000 kisses*
@TomCopestake ( Really I'm just jealous- I've spent the grand total of 15mins outside today  )
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/64l1e - wow thats actually amazing ... why don't my doodles ever look this good  haha
One of my friends promised to call me in the evening but didn't call..OMG I have to get angry with him now...I hate careless people  
@monvoix eventually to Dallas, but I had to travel around the country to get there from hntntn 
Revenind, mi-e somn, m? dor ochii de la c't am plans azi. O s? fie bine, &quot;the universe will conspire! &quot;. ?tiu asta! 
Awesome... http://bit.ly/8TTH1  . I missed Google I/O 
@SevenBlunts I am not driving there! Come up here!! I leave tomorow 
@ashleyymiller Well we dont have any haha, yano its not normally sunny over here ahha and plus i didnt think id get burnt soo bad  ahah xo
Grey's Anatomy finale was awesome but now I've got nothing to watch 
Been listening to Jeff Buckley ths morn. The most nonsensical loss of an amazing talent.. It really was his last goodbye. Makes me sad. 
at work .. completely bored .. and i cannot even read my book 
@stavmcfly me 2, but im not coming back.  so good evening love &lt;33
ok i seriously want some awesome water guns! lol lil kids*aiden* get all the cool toys!  lol
@InAnimateAlpha i feel like a loser  HAPPY BELATED BOO!!!!
@LoveRen sounds awesome! I don't have my car 
Correction... Going to Fitted Hawaii.. I'm not sure why its so critical to get there so early 
A non &quot;hobby&quot; related emergency had me on a 5AM flight out of the ATL.  A little overwhelmed, haven't slept in well over 24 hrs.  
today was HOOOOOOTTT!!!!!! i have either got a really bad burn, or a really good tan. i havent decided yet. if its neither then im upset 
--for all you awesome peoples.  
Omg, seriously..@DarrenRuane twitpics are making me jealous.. i wanna travel so badddd... 
@lynnphua twitter more fun! msn v troublesome! so many convos! 
Even the actual snack is hard to eat!  http://bit.ly/cWC9Z
No BBQ this week  Even better weather than last week which is odd. In theory we should have it going!
@SpringWestEnd happy closing  i wish you all good luck in the future
Shopping in Brighton is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! my poor bank account  its crying lol
@JonathanRoumie I totally made those pancakes last fall. They're good... Even though pancakes make me sick 
looking for some summer fun! ASAP!!!!!  concerts? parties? drinkin? MEN!!!???? WHITE MEN?!?!?!   can find any of those options 
@bubblygirl101 i know it always goes soooo quick lol 
Good season Nuggets    happy birthday sissy &lt;3
@tedmurphy Thanks. Not a hater, honest! I just fear things like this could turn twitter into another facebook. 
@anca_foster well ive pulled an all nighter so im hopin' to sleep eventually ;) sorry ur knee hurts  im sending get well kisses at ya 
aww poor ricky doesn't feel good.  and i don't like this weather. it doesn't make me feel happy... and i want to. xP
@drgnkiyo Even more horrible reality. 
i really do need a phone i feel liek i missed out on a fun weekend 
@JonboyEP I well want to go.  Gutted  hope you are enjoying the sunshine jonboy xxx
@Doomsmw71 : Nothing sucks more than working when you're supposed to be enjoying the outdoors  keep me in mind. eat for two!
sunny day YAY i wann take some shoots today  but everybody is busy 
@waveupdates I am excited about where things are going but the Tweets are just too spamy. Unfollow  http://yfrog.com/0y9yhj
@dsthestar1121 I am good. Just here working &amp; is so beautiful outside. Cant even enjoy it  But I am glad you able to do things now.
@donniesplaygirl  stealing all our guys lime light grrr!!! not fair how they're getting all the promotion and our guys r getting zip 
Fairly important demo in a folder called WindowsFormsApplication2  - opps 
preparing to head out for an evening BBQ with friends. Lovely day for it! Shame the Royal Parks don't allow for them... 
@Nelja you do hit an age where they really aren't that fun anymore 
@jilybeanrb thats so funny! me and me friend were just talking about it on myspace! unfortunately I won't be home so I have to DVR it 
@kerryisamazing: I have no idea. It disappeared one day and I tried uploading a new one and it never came back up  I have no identity now
@benmall enjoyed chubby's w/ya.  will miss u when u leave 
@Joyshope aw. 
I think when you should be asleep is a fine time to tweet! Only I have nothing fun to say. Bit of a downside actually 
AHHHH o_O My thumb hurts so much  I even have an ice pack, i didn't even do anything! :S
@architeuth1s But I don't wanna go to bed   (nice fun police!)
looking for some summer fun! ASAP!!!!! concerts? parties? drinkin? MEN!!!???? WHITE MEN?!?!?! can't find any of those options 
@mileycyrus Good, that makes one of us. Studying all weekend here, no fun 
Drag me to hell = funny, smart and scary. But tiring after a while. Brunch this morn w/ W and Stanford friends. But must work today. 
@cycling2009 Unfortunately not  but getting a phone with internet around the 9th of June ! waheey haha
Dozens of whales beached in Noordhoek - amazing pics via my brother Alistair: http://is.gd/K0SD Shame, silly creatures... 
@chicklet7 I had too much fun. 
@NadiaElijah I watched the last one on Wednesday, I was really upset I'd rather not know how Michael died 
@mossyrants @CTrouper Ermm, yeah, unfortunately I'm not surprised - welcome to deepest Norfolk 
I'm not a princess this aint a fairy tale 
will be too late.  cuz now i cant go to atlanta   was gonna try if i got my money in time.  i hate getting excited then let down. 
@iamjersey please just say 'sure' and get me in please?  I will pay you when I get there and you really are an amazing person AND...&gt;&gt;&gt;
@purple_dawn Lucky you. I went to sleep around 4 and then woke up at 8 to get ready for work. I'm not a happy camper right now. 
@Juris Djokovic loses; he's not the only one upset. 
@SycoSteveThe1st - I WANT TO HAVE FUN!  They won't let me play POKER! LOL -   I'm not on the LIST - even though I know I pre-registered
Nothing to do  I'm so annoyed and lonely
going to da sprint store to see if they can fix my phone  drunken nights are not always fun da nxt morning
Its not fair. BGTs on and I have to go to a 50th do. 
GOOD EVENING!! what r u up to today?? i have to study but i dont want to...is so anoying to hear my mum telling me :YOU HAVE TO STUDY!! 
@xfm I'd like to but &quot;Unfortunately, due to music-licensing laws...&quot; I can't 'cause I'm outside the Uk..! 
Was quite annoyed with bgt last night cause Good Evans didn't get through 
@ArsenalSarah Not even made it out in the sodding garden today! 
@nevesmommy You are way too funny there nevesmommy! Hope the shower is good. Really sad that I'm not there  Stirling is lonely
@Shontelle_Layne shontellle u killed it last nite...u and bey wer amazing...best concert ever!! wish i was going 2nite!!! 
Does anyone know of a hairstlist in Des Moines that isn't afraid to take risks? Whenever I ask for something funky I get grandma. 
I love by dog Buddy he's so frickin cute  I think he's depressed. I feel ya Buddy
@Erikatica Heey how r u? Yep kinda frustrated trying 2 scan a photo &amp; it keeps comin out all small I hate bein technology handicap! 
@B_Coll She got botox and they did too much so her brows were in her hair line, unfortunately my clients are camera shy... 
Deep cleaning is not fun 
@rocker182 very funny  no u r not
on my way to work  I really enjoyed those 3 days off
i've forgotten how amazing zouk can be, but was reminded tonight! did not want to leave, but have a 6am call time tmr. 
GRR. Bee's enjoy attacking me. 
alone this weekend AGAIN this isn't the fairytale I'd hoped for 
Woork later  MEH Im only thirteen.. not fair !
@JoyfulMonster Shame about your job  have you thought about working for yourself?  there's big money to be paid http://bit.ly/1864ml
@gymp Saturday work isn't fun mate. Its not so bad; I have a project that will consume the weekends now. 
Awesome guildies did not get blizzcon tickets  hopefully they will get them some other way~
Studying for history final exam. Not fun 
@TessaDare  @angelajames  here's 1 i got a few wks ago: A family reunion in the future will be a success... it ended up being a funeral 
@ninthspace not in the shop unfortunately 
@jonathancoulton I am so sad I'll be missing your show  seeing you in ATL last year was beyond awesome.
Awesome. I just got told I'm being laid off as of Fri unless I can find a transfer first.  Last week I was told I was getting hrs in July.
Place is awesome but it's closing for like 2 months this summer 
@tommcfly sunny? sunny? sun-ny? perversity, only because I got a new coat for the concert today   ps: wich tv show?? casseta &amp; planeta?
@KLSTUD so jealous brah!! Wish I was there. 
I like Shaheen. I do. But way too much vocal gymnastics for me too enjoy his singing  Tone it down boy! #bgt
@noodle_bar Aww the curry sauce just wasn't the same, it's impossible to recreate the amazing katsu curry at home 
@bijouxazurine Good to hear you are too! Sorry its not sunny  Sadly its noon and I haven't been outside, but I think its sunny here today!
@ tiyique HAPPY B-DAY!!!!! sorry your sick 
MIssed Flawless  But Shaheen is amazing!! Goose bump central! Can't wait for Shaun and Aidan!
Upset Twitter screwing w/my favorites. I put everything in there I might respond to &amp; then delete when done to stay organized. Now can't 
@WhimsicalMom aw  Its supposed to be sunny so as long as that goes as planned we will probably go
@MethodDan Cheers, the best team won.  Will be recording Motown stuff on BBC4 tonight as the soundtrack should be Joy Division at the mo 
@UtorVita Can you come over and make me breakfast? I'm not fully functionable right now. Haha. Oh crap...I have to work today too. Boo. 
@AgustinaP wow, multiple vacations must be nice - I'll be cutting grass in the 100 degree NC , and envious  
@Caligula19 Thoroughly enjoying myself!  I don't want to go home. 
An 8 hour drive hungover is no fun 
hungover house cleaning? necessary, but not fun  thankfully it's not supposed to be uberhot today.
Tried to pop up a major zit, meaning a few zits that have merged into a mega one. Damn, it looks like I've made it even worse 
@taylorswift13 Of course! I am super excited now that you told us that! But great... Now we have to wait.... 
critical mass chicago was okay last night, front of pack too fast made problems as cars raced into gaps; also, all route was old hat 
Holiday Was FANTASTIC 
Getting ready 2 go 2 work @ my regular job    I'm grateful but I rather work on my music and acting.
@bnddycl @EcoNinja Its the calm before the heat storm 
@sthrnfairytale I was. That twitter account got spammer-hacked. I had to start a new one. 
@followmandy i cried too!  it was sadd but it had some really funny parts, i loved it!
@iJohnHenry I'm hanging out at the apartment. Gotta go back  eventually. 
@timsbro2000 Yikes!! Glad to hear you're OK.  Hope it works out.  
Dad is getting ready to leave for his 7 day cruise.....so jealous right now 
Just threw up.    so grateful for the dina for coming all the way here to bring me advil!  Love u, The. Please stay down advil.
@glowcatsglow it wouldn't come on my phone even though I can do video now  laaame
Missed all the sunshine today. Felt so depressed in work cos everyone was buying barbeques and beer   
Waiting, waiting, waiting for my oil change to get done. Annoyed that Lamb's said two hours max and we're at 2 hrs 20 min and counting 
Henry has finally moved. We didn't even get to say adios. 
Ready for parkers swimming party/ awesome fun party/ my bro is grad soon. Awhh man 
@wickerpet ahhhhh you are right! i dont even know my own dog!!!! 
@ArmyWifeNetwork I'm at work!   Unfortunately patients still have eye issues on Saturdays, you'd think their bodies would give me a break!
@crackedknuckles awww well im glad u dont think tht anymore, nd curt that grass was really ichy  lmao
@nitearson im sorry ur down and im not helping..i dont mean to make u more upset..sorry 
work till seven  then outtttttttttt &lt;3
ITS A BEAUTIFUL DAY BUT IM STUCK AT WORK HOT AS FUCK  OH WHAT A JOY IT IS TO BE ME
I somehow have to drag my ass to the gym otherwise I will hate myself &amp; wendys for those amazing chicken nuggs i just had to have 
working on new &quot;fun&quot; proj, but my proj partner (js/css newbie) complains i'm coding too fast and not leaving enough work for him to do 
missed the begining of flawless  what i saw was awesome! aiden is better than Goerge Sampson at least he made up a new dance for final!
@toddinstoon have fun! Tried it yesterday, didn't find anything 
@7angela7 Damn - no sun no fun for me! I want to be in my pool too 
my brother's friends are making fun of me because i have AIDS 
Very jealous of @nmyers89  who is having a domino pizza... Tuna for Josh 
@enviofriend Oooh nice!  I'm kind of jealous.  We don't have a yard 
@LisetteRosalie awwwww very saddened .. I wanted to surprise you w' cake n ice cream  : tear : well I'm happy u g0t it th0u
BGT Unfortunately, I think I have to agree with Simon - he was amazing, but not as good as last night. Bless him for crying though 
@Suefromque We don't watch that! Think it's on Ch 4, which we haven't got - thankfully... apart from the football 
@KimKardashian NOTHIN FUN, GTTA GET MY CAR FIX, FILL OUT JOB APPLICATIONS THEN WRK OUT 
@animealmanac I'd like to hear more details about how the file was gotten a hold of. If someone just guessed the filename shame on Funi 
I can't think of a gift properly befitting Emily's awesomeness 
i'm dying a slow painful death... i am not surprisingly upbeat 
bored out of my mind.i hate havin a torn meniscus.that means limits on EVERYTHIN!even dancin  maybe ill hang out with my 1 nd only biffle!
@HappyHousewife I'm working on quitting. But have to create a whole member-based/forum website first. 
@Dawn_B Steven is off seeing Itamar tonight at Fidlers elbow in Chalk farm. Fab singer. Am stuck at home cos I am lecturing tomorrow 
damn  BGT is on Irish tv all evening and UTV all evening  ... nowt else on to watch
I feel so bad for the old man  the girls amazing!!
Poor fella  Girl is brilliant though. How old is she? #bgt
going out to family gathering! Oh what joy! 
Feeling kinda irritated today. Didn't get much sleep...as usual.  I've developed a cough too! Sigh 
good evening watching rugby, headed home early for a earlier start tomorrow 
@natalietran i don't get it  i mean i get it but i don't get why its funny. sorry to spoil the fun.
@joymeetsworld fo reals 
Enjoying myself at home. BBQ with the bf's fam today! Gonna be sad to head home tomorrow 
I have a dilema.  Curse my logic and morality, it's not steering me towards the fun option.  
@lzmerritt I am always hungry because I am broke and have no money.  maybe one day I will enjoy food on a more consistent level.
Stood up on a Sat night  #fail .. if I find out they are staying in and watching #bgt will be even worse! Grrrr
well that was a bust we got shooed out before we could even ask 
@drkent So sad. I couldn't even make it through half the article. 
is finishing up homework, then cleaning cages... not excited about cleaning Princess' cage for the last time 
@tommcfly will be very funny this program but im not in brazil  uhhuuh Im a loser T-T aaaaaah i will cry i miss my family,mcfly n brazil
I'm Sorry but.. it's not fair for me to add you and do not add me. That is be selfish 
@tommcfly will be very funny this program but im not in brazil  uhhuuh Im a loser T-T aaaaaah i will CRY i miss my family,mcfly n brazil
@r0dZz I cya believe i forgot to call u on ur bday hun  ........... nice to know u had a good day tho...... belated happy birthday hun
i'm so bored, even sleep doesn't sound good right now 
pissed off. someone text me and make me happy 
@SoCalVixen is it still gloomy there ?It still is here in SD 
@MileyMandyFan7  ohh  that's funny in mine too ;) my best friend hates her 
The mood n state off mind that I'm currently in....I wanna be high as a kite and get on these swings..and I'm nt even a smoker 
graduation was amazing. congrats closs of 2009.    but my guinea pig died last night  rip piggy http://tinyurl.com/m9xp7l
Argg. He always get his way.. Its not fair. Blames me for everything. 
anyone fancy entertaining me for the evening?  i'm lonely.
really nice weather today... didnt get to enjoy, i was workin all day 
@mizzlalabaybii i'm mad im not performing, I don't think thats fair 
Even in panic mode i cant seem to read or copy notes faster. Oh noes 
@bitterrsvveett i think i either fell or someone hit me 
Can someone help me find ParkerBooth I can't find him . I'm getting really annoyed  PC is being so slow 
The weather in napa is pretty gloomy right now 
I missed Flawless!   who was after/before them??? Though, tea was bloody brilliant!!!
@peppito sounds fun... 
Really glad I got to see coach today- not that it makes the transition any easier 
Really frustrated that Wii still doesn't support anything hight than Flash 7  I really want to use it to watch Hulu
Ahhh! Brian just got bit by a spider and got rushed to the doctor's to get a shot because it was itchy, irritated, and then numb 
@ddlovato awww!!! Glad to hear you and your family get a vacation!! Enjoy it! I don't know when the last time I took a vaca w/my family. 
@dannygokey Sorry about your luggage again  Glad you're home!! &lt;3
Bajando Funk Brothers- Standing In the Shadows of Motown Soundtrack  Excelente! Me robaron el cd en mi carrito 
Loving the sunny dry weather!! but it dose give me a headache 
am sooo annoyed at myself...too much social/dj drinking in the last 48 hours has ruined my appetit and am in Italy. what a waste 
Zombie fun left me with a bad allergy headache from the makeup. 
When we fight, we seem to go all out. But when we're good, we're fantastic. Going shopping with him later. Right now, homework. 
@unrealitytv They're lovely. They would literally bring a tear to the eye. It's unfortunate they couldn't get it together tonight  #bnt
@christunaa HAPPY COMMUNION DAY TO YOU! too bad it's boring 
@Domness I know  he was a bit upset but he made it to the final which is an achievement!
@chocolateKaddy ... Damn... boring evening...without you  Love you ? :-*
ive broken my bloody leg  hit a curb in tenby on holidays and am in total agony.  Watching BGT at the moment.  I really enjoyed Shaheed
@gkelly Work prevented me from attending awesome. 
Britain's Got Talent - so far, so meh. Noone's excited me yet 
had fun in the sun untill i was shat on 
I am really annoyed about my Joe glasses!! 
At Red Robin: we sat here for 15 mins before anybody came over to greet us, and I'm so damn hungry, I'm shaking...not happy at all!  
@lydiarobbins *yawn* her act isn't fun anymore because she's not crying 
@mileycyrus sounds like fun. Wish I could do that, I have to study for finals 
lovely weather... and i have to do homework today   no fun...
I really need to put a tape recorder by my piano because when ever I'm up there, I write amazingness, and then I can't remember it 
WHERE HAS MY PICTURE GONE  .... getting frustrated now
Awwww I think I upset my daniel 
@missheathyrm Happy Birthday!! I meant to say this at Mid, but I fell asleep. Today was so busy I just got on    Hope Day is going GREAT!
ANC has been good, not today tho..funeral at 2pm 
Unable to use my MakerFaire tickets  ...  so I have two spare  ...  anyone want them?
used the wireless, even thou it did b4. keeps kickin me off  o wel hopeful it wil be fixed soon
im really quite sad that im not at state field day  hanging out with 4hers from across the state. 4hers are the most amazing people ever.
It's a nice sunny day here. I want to do something so bad but I'm kinda sick! 
I'm enjoying the fact that I can't have my birthday off! 
lool the greek ppl on bgt are hilarious! flawless wer awesome ,i had tears in my eyes when Aiden started cryin 
Weeked palns hv changd cuz I've gotten this summer cold. No fun  But I look for  happy things all around me http://bit.ly/SiUIV.
on a serious note don't know where my boyfriend is or if we are even still together...  i haven't heard from him since last friday!!!! 
Weeked plans hv changd cuz I've gotten this summer cold. No fun  But I look for happy things all around me http://bit.ly/SiUIV.
@Chipper03pb The blue S is Syracuse!  My sister messaged me all excited and I had to explain it wasn't Michigan State. Still hopeful tho!
@marcyt2225 How sweet! thankyou very much, I'm glad they come in handy, but not so glad about your awful situation. sorry to hear 
in the dentist chair...can't feel like left side of my face. Here cames the fun part 
@KehSauce I don't know when I'm seeing it  I'm just hoping to! Have fun today!!
isn't sure if I should be happy that the wings are doing good (since I loved them) or be sad bc the hawks suck. Like every Chicago team 
@therage for real  im gonna get a lawn ticket rather than even a level type spot. i hate money so much but at least im seeing them at all
@drcdiva Aww.  That's no fun. I'm still not back to 100% yet.
hates working when it's sunny outside -- 
is gutted I'm not feeling well when John's dad has cooked an amazing BBQ 
@jruiz92 oooooh THATS what youre up to over there(:  fun stuff, have fun(: I wanna meet her 
Stayed in the garden all day and didnt tan, But i had funn, and got school on monday and theeen i got to get readyfor exams 
@Prico90 hell yea....lol but the food wasn't even that good 
@LaurennTaylorr awww i wish you were going tooo  but your still gonna have an awesome high school with annie!!!
@SatanzMantra ohhh  neway i will still want to enjoy ;) glad i saved 50% by deciding to go fr morning show 
@drPeripheral I spent about five minutes trying to come up with a funny response to that. Nothing. 
@cmee The event is sold out according to the website  #btvsmb
Ugh. Black is Beautiful event is off the chain and we are not gonna be able to get in  missed tasha smith, angela bassett, erro et al 
had a great breakfast (amazing how fast I get full anymore) and going to relax...feet are swollen bad  Going to party tonight!
@krystalina I'm moving next weekend  ...otherwise I'd come! ps - super envious that you're seeing no doubt tonight!!
I HATE not having a garden. I want to chill down in the evening sunshine with a cold beer and a salad.  
packing for camp, excited!..but sad to leave my family for the summer. 
@christopherbate Yeah i was there on Thursday. Brilliant gig it was, poor Nicky having to wear a back brace though 
@JealousMonkNOLA I can't DM for discounted tickets because you don't follow me. 
@GMAtwater I bet  Our TV news is pretty much unbiased due to regulations and such, our newspapers are HEAVILY biased tho!
abs gutted for Aidan  ITV - totally unfair that he only had 24 hours to prepare for tonight, the dancers should have gone at the start.
Ahhh twits I'm charging my phone in the bathroom right now at the camp site  I miss society but this is to fun haha breakfast time
@jonnyfairfull is moving out today, sad times 
#BGT def won't vote this year... Gutted 2nite ain't the family event it used 2 be in our house... I'm the only 1 watching 
@lightwarrior179 Its rumoured not to have it. All digital they say.. but even then.. battery life is poor,even when not using it to play 
Really glad I decided to check the result of the rugby now I can go back to bed 
Something about Steven Fry on ITV doesn't sit right with me 
@littlefishey NOT HAPPY  I cant get it back (
I've had a headache now for 24 hours  it's miserable!
Shaun love, should have done another song  Still amazing though!
My top 3, unfortunately my hash key has disappeared due to the keyboard changing to USA 
@Kreepsville even my music taste doesn't span to those eejits. 
@shiftleaderKRIS nah I was sleeping haha he did the right thing  I just think its funny that rob wrote me up paha
@DrTread no maker faire this year in austin. 
@TizBanana  its super sunny here
@WestonsuperMum No I'm afraid we're too old for him  He can't even have a pint.
iim def jealous that my aj baby is in n carolina and im stuck here 
oh man.Wanted to buy a ticket for lady gaga, but they are sold out..  .whatever.I'm just happy to have a ticket for P!nk on November,28th
@WildPaw I'm not a happy bunny tonight.... I am a person..... but apparently not a picture 
@musicxisxlifex you don't live on Grand Island, unfortunately  so we can't hang out, even though I'd LOVE to 
@RobPattinson_ i cantt wait untill the other movie comes out even though according to the book you wont come out that much 
@perreau the genius had gone to the back unfortunately so can't blame him, it just flew out my hand and hit the deck 
.@LMH381 on our way now...it's an afternoon/evening thing. Going but w/o sis in law who is ill.  so I'm the lone girl in the group.
Portland tickets don't go on sale till Saturday. Incidently, the tickets I had reserved for Seattle were freaking perfect. 
@jdc12192  I don't think july 21st will work:/ idk if im even afford going to jersey this summer 
My son is very upset that I got a tattoo. He cried when he found out that it doesnt wash off. So I'll cover it up when he is around 
Wardrobe malfunctions at the pool are no fun 
Yesterday was soo amazing! i loved the concert! i miss vfc now  lol. BIG thanks to TC for the golden ticket! im starting to loove you!
when i get to heaven, I would like to have a talk with Eve...b/c of her digressions, I'm forced to stay in on this sunny afternoon 
#bgt Susan Boyle is rushing every single phrase! Slow down and it could even be good! Some of those notes sound a bit off too 
Im super de-duper happy with my love &amp;&amp; cant help myself...hes the most amazing man Ive ever met &amp;&amp; I miss the boys already 
@Alexx_Nightmare -- Yes, you could say that. Funner when you're not the only one though. 
Camilla Belle was in a movie called Poison Ivy when she was younger. coincidence?... unfortunately, yes. 
for what does brandy have a twidda acount when she's never there ?! miserable  - Leni
BGT FINAL! I'm gonna miss watching it tho... lol    Sean Smith &lt;3 He has such an amazing voice (: ohoh and the greeks LOL! Love 'em. Ox
Just had some awesome fried walleye!  Thanks Lynn and Andra!  Now off to work 
I am chillin' on Saturday.  Glad it's the weekend.  My cat passed away Wednesday. 
@dakotaafanning wow i really wish i was in Italy right now but i can't  i hope you are having fun can't wait to see new moon you rock
[Wrong!] @Bethontop It won't let me talk to you on Skype  Happy Birthday love x Your the best lid ever.. http://tinyurl.com/mj4cde
Got cheated out of a much anticipated bike ride by a series of unfortunate events. 
I'm really going to miss you high school. It was a strange yet fun ride. Aww now i'm going to cry 
:L lol theres a BGT fight on here :L oh 280th tweet goes to me cuz im awesome XD lolz god i sound conceited lolz :O all my roses are gone 
@FredHorn EXACTLY!! Argh I wont be happy if she wins 
@elihansen I have a hard time clicking things that say do not click, I want to click even more. 
Going into work. Grateful!! BUT today is too pretty outside 
going to a holistic healing fair with my coworker michelle. maybe i'll find a solution to that muscle in my back that never untenses... 
ADIOS Dishes time.. even though I really dont want to leave the twitter world.  
@thejasonrobison Have fun!! I miss getting to hang out on Saturdays! 
@checkitoutjune_ i dont even have enough credits @randomlybree im not smart dudes and my fuckin parent told me im not gonna quit band 
@raavenpando yeah I'm in san diego now. I wanna go back. I've called like 8 times. I'll go bk on monday I guess  I'm sooo angry.
BGT- arrgghhhh! I hate Susan Boyle :@ grrrrrr she'll win and I won't be happy  xxxxxxx
NO. oh no. went to throw knickers into washing basket &amp; they went straight out of my bedroom window. mortified. glad they weren't new 
Up was great!!! Lost my ring at the theatre though-not so great. Annoyed that I have to go to work today. 
im miserable today, gosh i hate my lifeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee =( i do not deserve this... 
@eleven8 damn, i kant even get250 followers   congrats tho ma!
My cat is attacking my feet.  Even he can't be nice today.  
@Jeremih augusta georgia woop woop woop woop dats where I live yay!!!!!!!!!!! Have fun at the mayfest I gotta work. 
Um, not the battery. Ok, this isn't funny anymore...shoulda sold this heapa junk a lonnng time ago.  stranded in Venice?!
@mikebailey01 she makes me physically sick  her face looks like she has been mauled by an angry OAP haha
@majornelson I don't even get that kind of speed at sea level 
@couponprincess Awesome!  I'd never be able to justify with hubby going on cruise w/o him, and can't afford second ticket, so not going 
susan boyle looked really depressed. no wiggle or anything! 
@melwhiteWTF Have fun tonight without me! I'm so bummed I can't come! 
just back from ras al khaimah - now that was hot .... This is just sunny 
Millennium MAXS Masters: Oh My God!  Stockholm Joy Division didn't make it to Sunday!
Did it! I scared myself though  Now enjoying my lovely (free) bottle of champagne. Thanks eurostar!
@GailScottMusic  MANN....I CAN'T EVEN WORK ON NEW MUSIC CUASE MY MAC IS IN THE SHOP.  IT'S ALWAYS SUMTHIN'.
went shopping today for last minute things for bahamas.. SO excited! work in a little bit  .. @smaggyy u should always have anti-venom
was trying too tweet it would have been even better if i was listening to this by the mumbles  and not on the underground  !!
workin at bigtop fleamarket in prov. wishin i was outside enjoying the beautiful weather 
@laura1022miller Even though that movie looks like it would scare the crap out of me...... I would go if I were in town! 
I had hoped for a day to sit down and do some personal projects.  Unfortunately looks like the family has other ideas. 
@cyandle thanks. It's been an emotionally exhausting day. Worst part is, there are more funerals to come over the next decade or so. 
@cklovewinter I'm jealous. I want a lazy day. It's just past 5am &amp; I'm getting ready for work 
@leolaporte be glad you're not at this game with me, the Mets are getting KILLED! 
Sick and miserable and had to miss out on good plans today..  WHINE!!!! 
So many things to get and not enough time! I don't want bogue to be inside ALL day but no dogs at fairgrounds 
Had so much fun last night....why are my legs hurting? Ugh...I dont wanna go to work 
We are perfect .. Together alone. This is so peaceful. The world is wat effs us up 
Cait left   we rode ponies.  I'm jealous on how she doesn't ride for 10 months and remembers everything.
@increasethepce it's gotten worse!  i'm dying.  will you attend the funeral?  i'm getting that chloraseptic, like NOW!  
@nesquicus simon said aidan wasnt as gd as last night tho  ooh FINALLY vlog!  and yes diversity were AMAZING!!! AHHHH!!!!   
@eeen I know, my friend tried to get it for free now, but it's being modified and he won't get it now.  He was so excited but ? ruined it.
I am really unhappy today.  
@raghunayak The girl from my hometown lost  But never mind, she even went so far. I salute her!!!
busy day, wedding/graduation/birthday all for the same family. Too bad I can't go to the function in junction. I have so much fun there. 
@cutthroatpixie It's 8:10pm, Kenzie, it has had its fun 
@jmancini77 how about capital funding is non-existent for an #ecm project? 
@Poptastic Yeah, that's the problem with having two amazing dance acts competing in the final.  Split votes will mean neither can win 
@dannylavarco no fair!!! I want to go 
Yo...my niggas....I don't know who lied to y'all....but its DEFINITELY still trickin even if you got it. SORRY 
@monkeysean89 Hey, just looking through last night's...wow! I'm glad you're OK! Poor monkey   #Takecareofyourmonkeyself!
Ugh. I hate not being able to enjoy a nice day. 
the dance groups r awesome nd aden is aswell if ny 1 of them win im happy  shame they cant all win 
I'm heading out to the store in a few. Fun times!  God, it's times like this I wish I had a cell phone. I'll see y'all in a little while!
@PaulaAbdul not by the beach!  its cloudy and gloomy 
@Viiidiii HOAX after-monkeyers!! They can't go!! I'm also watchin happy feet! Poor mumble 
hates writing this paper, is PMSing, and is miserable. 
@jonny_no2 Unfortunately, this means no more late night FIFA. 
Thoroughly enjoyed Spring Awakening today! truely incredible production,shame it's closing  i wish every cast member luck in the future.
I am enjoying my time here but missing my husband. 
mann, i want one of the new canon hd cameras! im a camera lover, i already have 5 cameras i think, even though my big canon is broke! 
@carlitatink haha right! a very depressed angel! oh my goodness i miss him so much!  and thank you!(:
Annoyed. And I don't feel good. I feel like crap. 
Lmao @cherrybumbum, How are you feeling? I hope you guys hav e fun at the concert. I really wish I could go  I missed you guys in Atlanta
@belazir it's ok I dint read all my tweet updates LOL read it got excited then sad cos of cancellation  sounds of home back soon I hope
@peetwence The dentists isn't til Thursday! lol. Asylum is brilliant! Only get about 7secs with the boys per photo, though!  No autos yet.
I want A)Stavros Flatley B) Aiden Davis C) Julian whatever his last name is to win. Unfortunately they won't.  #BGT
just finished reading the last twilight book... WOW! it was amazing... i dont know what im gonna do now without edward... 
@alphaque Very funny. Didn't have car all day, til just now. Will I never get my change? 
trying to sleep or else won't be able to fully enjoy her Sunday.. 
@maggiex3jonas why are you so angry?? im angry cause taylor swifts concert in nashville is sold out 
@jRicheTheModel ..have fun b00.. can't wait till we hang 
@wilsonpix Good luck!  You'll do fine.  Your pictures are awesome!  I forgot to come look at your e-mail.  
So bored! Watching movies isn't fun either. 
still wondering @aispectaculer: how come we have such a unique and miserable day yesterday? Pengamen sialan! 
@MAKEUPMANMAE I'm sooooo blonde sometimes; sh!t I completely 4got about the pool-have fun! I'm still in serious chill and ugly mode  
watching britains got tallent  ha today was fun im burnt though 
@magnumchaos Sounds like fun, but I'm on kiddo duty starting in about an hour for the rest of this afternoon and evening.  Bummer...  
@isabelafreitas 'epic show tonight in s'o paulo, one of my favourites ever in 6 years! so glad I can sing again' o Tom ' t'o  . .  fofo 
@alexandramusic i love Shaheen! he has such an amazing voice &lt;3 i cant vote for him 'cause im in ireland tho 
@comedee Well, all the acts have just performed but all I hear and read are negative comments about Susan. People are so judgemental 
Thinking about my new bike!  Stupid work preventing me from riding 
Gosh! Macys doesn't have stuff for skinny people anymore; I can't even find an XS belt for my outfit. 
is (annoyed)  (tears) [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/x9lnu
@fa6ami86 so happy that salman won.  btw the 14sec clip is truely a teaser 
Urgent care with a sick munchkin.. No fun 
@ leonas with the fam. Waiting on our food. I'm bout to smash!! Had fun last night but I'm still tired! 
failing at populating databases. steven = ftl 
no vacation abroad  friends cancelled. Why do my friends do this all the time? Not fair! A trip in Tivoli is not the same as Italy
OK, so that kayak is -uh - made for small(er) people, maybe even a kid.  Darn!  I'll sell it (and all the access.) for $50 - in Igo.
cloudy in miami  fortunately drinks aren't photophillic
@jessicalmoreau I miss that show too but I'm afraid is gone forever. 
@laurenali LAUREN!!! lmao i want to watch lost with youuuu  I'm jealousssss
BBQ time.unfortunately it's south of the river in brixton 
@dubbayoo  Stupid pubs and their lack of veggie fare. Now I'm even more hungry, may have to raid cupboards.
Walked about 2 miles, it was fun untill my ipod decides to die  reading breaking dawn now!
@VIVA_LA_SUE_SUE not funny, I don't feel the love 
At central park right now....it's so hot out here...even to hot for shopping 
Should be out enjoying the sun..but im not 
@onlydanno no joy for me yet 
Might have to finally break down and buy a PS3 when I have the funds... Lego Indiana Jones 2 isnt coming out on the PS2 
@SprinkleUWitLuv Awww, Happy Anniversary and  Happy Birthday! That stinks to be at work when you want to be celebrating. 
@mattdempseycom Thankfully Boots were doing a buy two get the third item free on suncream and after sun lmao Think i need it 
So happy to have 159 followers...then I saw @AlainVanHeerden with 23,775 - now feeling very small fish! 
Back from London exhausted. Wicked was absolutely fantastic!  Love the way they worked new story into old.  Must face week's ironing now 
@davebriggs think this is one that I must make on my own unfortunately 
@olilea LOL, its funny because i like have no energy to high five in RL right now. So much rubbish on TV too 
@JamesHoste hope your day picked up mate; those tweets earlier sounded fairly 
its actually sunny for once n i got stuck at work makin people cones  
is not happy...considering she has to be inside on this perfect pool day. 
@marenhogan I am jealous, mostly cause I couldn't be caught in a bikini  got some ##'s to loose, hope you have a great day today!!
@venusflesh Ugh, I don't even have money for Tori tix   But, yeah,  I checked just to see what was left and it was same here.  boohoo.
@ForumTheatreNJ oh, looks like I have a family event tomorrow and won't be able to make it  I did drive past today and gave a wave tho!
its amazing how in a moment everything can change. i dont know what to do 
Not happy with cold weather out side 
I'm not liking this un-sunny weather for the weekend.  
well appearantly im not getting my nails done isnt that just freakin fantastic i was wanting to get them done really bad 
is off to work  but britains got talent was so good, julian is amazing !
@x_Maxine_x coment him  it would be so funny :| if you dont i will haha
Just talked to husband- apparently I'm done car shopping and about to go back to cleaning the front porch. That doesn't sound like fun! 
im sad today!! marriage isnt always fun!! 
@paigexlovesxyou is an amazing  person and i miss her 
at work today and it's actually sunny outside! 
flight is as much my fault as anyones, i should have paid attention to the date not just time time. i was so excited i failed to validate 
@capricious_and you are superwoman! too bad i wasn't able to go to your event today 
Feels extreeemely sick and has way too much homework. No 3D movie or fun in the sun today  my tummy hurts 
he said to me today: &quot;guarani is an amazing language!&quot; actually it is, but it's very difficult for me, argh 
majorly angry right now 
@scarboy they made another one?!?!?! i didnt even like the first one! 
@azuritetalk Is something wrong? You sound so depressed 
Ew. I have a spider bite on my arm.  it itches. Going into work. Text me and make me happy when I get back. 1 to 6.
Headed to work..amazing saturday 
You pay too much for food @ the airport AND it doesn't even taste good! 
@brettxellis Aww im sorry  thats stinky no fun  give  sharona kiss on the cheek for me tonite! i hope u feel better
Soooooooo wishing I had thought this out better  I dont want to leave @madsoli3 &amp; Olive  &amp; girls....even just for a day
Am so annoyed right now...bought a live cd download but the file always comes up as damaged  and now they won't let me download again 
trying root touchup even though i normally get just high lights but i have to look nice tonight and i can't afford the salon til friday 
@runwithvampires enjoy the shivers while you can 
@PsycheDiver That all sounds unfortunate 
Not really enjoying the weekend  x x x x
@stigblog hehe i have done 1,666 however i just ruined that awesome number and it will now be 1,667 *sad realisation* 
@wakachamo I saw that.  I bet that's sony's big announcement for E3 so Tuesday's gonna suck. *wants monday off even more now* ;;
So lucky me to have the awesome friends tha ti have buut they're so faaar! 
@ms_fire so sorry about ur doggie. No fun putting down pets. 
Not really enjoying the generic bullshit at the @athlete gig - some shit support act is playing.  the guy can't sing!
@I100  That sucks. And also today sucks even worse than yesterday tennis-wise, I didn't think that was even possible Nole and Janko
@KirstyAnnx3 :O id wear a high factor if i were you! im SO burnt today, itll be even worse tomorow!! 
@plumlipstick Unfortunately, &quot;trust&quot; isn't the answer. Most people just can't, alas, be trusted... 
@mistii lol nope it was everton v Chelsea. Chelsea won   I support everton so I wasnt very happy. Same, I only watch tv when I'm rly bord
@gusgreeper So jealous! I want to see him so much I'm thinking about hijacking myself to another country since he'll not be in Van soon. 
fuckin awesome night and morning at white noise summer! shame i had to come back from leicester early 
i'm sad, tired and happy at the same time. weird. too many goodbyes  but it's summmmmmmmmmmmer !
At funeral. Soooo many people. Super sad!    *Marshawn*
Im sad. D: school is almost over. I dont have a thing to do this summer.  and this last week isnt even fun.
@JGIWC someone knows FAR too much about entourage....unfortunately, I just have season 2 which is now over  Might need to remedy that
awww, everyone gets to go have fun while I'm all depressed and crap and have to do homework 
http://twitpic.com/6a2j4 - Mom lost her phone....the dogs found it...poor voyager  LoL its kinda funny!
Another ordinary day... I'm not good... I think I'm upset 
i want the ~lividthorn~ pick&amp;mix teeee 
We have all the good movies on VHS  like..In The Army Now, Days of Thunder, Jumanji..even Spiderman. I am so bored, no good DVD's 
+ I desperately want to go to reading 
no fair pretty day when i'm stuck inside!  i hate my life
Trying to get my photo uploaded here - it's not working   Just updated fadwas-inspirational.blogspot.com
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/67hac - Miley's show is amazing. her music is amazing, her movies are amazing. But Miley is not amazing. 
@hiphopwisdom Yeah that was an ass kickin on our own turf  very upset!
@b_club that's awesome!! But it stinx 4 me no internet @ old place as of last night and none @ the new place til tuesday 
@LadyChann ok, i'm not gonna argue with you!! but i know kelly killed it, so not happy what u wrote about her performance 
playing little people big world. even though i attempt to make one that looks like niran i never can 
Oh good grieve.. their even talking about BGT on the radio. I cant get any from it 
Enjoyed &quot;UP&quot;, now back to the reality that is laundry &amp; house work 
Its Saturday evening and I've got just the boredom 
@JollyAndy hey!  It turns out I have to work tonight   I tried to switch but a co worker decided to have her baby shower tonight
super bummed!.. a fun little right came up as the tide came in.. I didn't bring a board  lesson learned
What a wonderful day outside! I'm a little bummed out that my fibromyalgia is bothering me AGAIN today. 
I wish I didn't care so much! I get upset by people I don't know being slagged off 
i wanna dance to calm and repose so bad tonight. 
@threefoxes jealous! it's such a nice day and i'm stuck inside the office 
starting to feel like I'm not good enough anymore  .....leaves me a little depressed
@deussubmachina I am sooo homesick too. London is awesome but I can't stop thinking about home 
@RagingBitch @I100 - pretty epic FAIL today. Even Blip is failin'  ... I'm gonna forget it all somehow and be frazzled for real tomorrow
Photo: Nothing's funny about Yellow American Cheese.  http://tumblr.com/xz01wq0uk
@SassySenna I want some happy bunny pens 
I'm sooooooo mad imma miss Lauren party!!! Ya'll have fun w/o me 
I'm officially off work.  Sad, but true.  Had to happen eventually 
That thing with my throat came again before some minutes. It's more calm today. But it's still annoying... 
@tangelobaby I'm so glad to hear that  Where'd u find the juice? Not familiar w/arnica gel, tell me about it? Peachy, it's raining  
@markhoppus SO happy i got tickets &amp; that you signed em &amp; i got a pic with you, but what happened to all the &quot;best&quot; seats? got lawn 
@purpledaisybug - yeah, but, ..  it means that I'm not going to the stable tomorrow. I'll have to go on monday.
@Ekipstonmai Lol! What's a taco paco? And unfortunately I cant see the picture  sorry
@markhoppus yeah well that doesn't beat the vegas show that sold out before the general fucking sale even started 
That potato salad had a shocking amount of mustard.  I remain hungry and unsatisfied.
is not feeling good at all... fever and blocked ears... miserableness 
@Cspitz thats true haha. it was really fun, but at the same time i wanted it to be more intense. i almost lost my glasses on it though! 
High: hitting up qdoba after a great day of happy tanners @ MTC! Low: sick  #tan
Very very upset that something is wrong with my dog 
@mileycyrus @PerezHilton who come u never tweet me back its very upseting and it hurts my fellings 
@VivaLaAthena i couldn't even listen to tweet about you... idk how I'm gonna listen to waiting or greying photos 
@paulaprojeto I only know where to find dutch ones I'm afraid Some of them have awesome stuff though, but waaaaaaaay out of my reach 
Yay.. Playing soccer in 31 degree weather, not fun.  too HAWT
@thevenomousone y Prince Charming? 
Must say that &quot;Are they playing Volleyball on a table tennis court?&quot; is no longer quite as funny as it used to be... 
@therealashley i am wonderful! god, i haven't seen you in sooo long.   hope all is well lady!
I really need to study, but I got a terrible headache. Life is so unfair 
@tommcfly aww whats wrong with him, im sick too  good luck tonight have fun! X
Happy Bday Pastor Barriere. Didn't make it 2 da picnic I thought it started @ 2. Just found out it's over @ 2. 
@norefunds I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
waterfight in my garden = ssoooooooo much fun however sun burn = majoer setback 
the weather is soooo hot and I have to stay at home to study - not fair 
Man can go to the moon - yet we still haven't solved how to prevent a room service club sandwich from going soggy 
samantha has been outside playing with rosie-belle (she now has a middle name) the turtle ALL day. monday is NOT gonna be fun for her. 
AHHHHGH. Internet at my new apartment SUCKS. I can't even stream anything from Netflix or Hulu. 
Dive was awesome... Now I gotta do work 
is a talkative person even though I am shy. I just wonder why most people have a problem with conversation. 
Just a twitterdream for @graceswine, unfortunately  But hey, go pay 'em a visit anyway!
@tommcfly I hope you enjoy Rio, because I really enjoyed the two gigs in Sao Paulo! When it ended last night I couldn't stop crying! 
@tommcfly Wooow! I'm in Rio and I both wanted to be there with you!  Have a wonderful show! Brazilian Kisses!
Suffering big time, can hardly walk or talk.. the morning after the night before without the night before... no fair 
@helensbored Up in Disney 3D! Not just any 3D! LOL. Well, have fun at Six Flags while I Plant Physiology my life away! 
I hate being this exhausted...I get so easily annoyed. 
@shaunmichaelb haha exactly...noo ur used to warm californian waters  unfair lol
@josh_spencer My dad threw away the sticker on my mirror   apparently he did not find it as funny as we did...
shower dress then work ugh.     soo not excited
annoyed at the barrage of the porn spam on last.fm today. Example http://www.last.fm/music/Sufjan+Stevens   
@MasterAwesome sun aids? what? the sun it makes me feel a litlle ill i get really bad migranes  i dont think its going away though
@meggersz don't make fun of flat chested people!!!  hem me hem
@goddessgreeneye who is going on a boat ride? i want to go no fair 
@NykePrince have fun in nyc. Sorry my timing suckd that I never got time to see u  but promise ill whenvr u get bk 2 LA
@dzhimbo Peter Grimes was fantastic, but @jamesmoran hated it so we left before it ended  Audition was for training with ENO.
happy birthday louise! yesterday was fun. and today's water fight was a laugh. school in a day and a bit 
final over...no footie...i'm depressed  dunno why but i'm bored! Think i'm signing out for today! Good night then everyone x
That was miserable...I'm still hungry 
@SECURITYJ Oh Joy!! You poor thing 
@coollike Im sooo jealous....I wanna go 
@andrea1ista tweet your awesome news tweets from @miamiherald! No tweets all day 
@iMartyW unfortunately Las Vegas 
@AmazingPhil I think Diversity will win but i WANT Shaun to win. p.s im gutted you didnt get into Big Brother 
Life wtf point:@, so upset nw  i was in a 1way friendship, wot kin a do nw !!
all of a sudden I'm not happy anymore  // don't you all hate being SUPER happy and then blah? I do.
So tired!!!  Yesterday's yard sale total:  $704.25 today... 300ish so far.    Wish I could spend it on fun. 
@Ibecodykibel I'm jealous! I can't find any where to download it 
Life hasnt been fair to me! i wanna go home and see my daughter 
@alesspetic now that's not fair!!! the only chance to get the fair that close and we're not there but freezing our asses off in SF  Enjoy!
@Jonasbrothers I love you guys so verry verry much..but u dont know I even exist  and I love all your new songs off the new album!!&lt;3
@EllenMichelle Sounds fantastic!!! Can you help me with my twitter picture..nothing is working 
Archery was fun. So glad hollie didnt mess up today i just watched it on ITV she is amazing i want her 2 win. Dont like susan boyle tho 
@zeroshift Awhh yay!  That's exciting! Have fun and tell Sammy I said hi! I miss your family.  Anyway, let me know how the movie it. &lt;3!
I can't turn the fan on because it makes me cough even more  Boo hoo.
seven days.. seven days!!! and i wil have seventeen!! and i wil be more old 
@whatbenwatches i am so jealous 
@angrybetsy we miss you too 
just got back from the ... 40yard dashes eventually pulling 345lbs while doing it ... 
is sick and tired. What fun. 
Morning ride was awesome, but still could not find the jacket I wanted. 
Me in a tank top = too much visible flesh = YUCK. But, it's too effing hot to wear a reg shirt, unfortunately 
I have a Baby Grand in my house that could earn cash as a horror-movie extra.  But does not function as a piano.  
@SummerRP we have to go shopping for funeral clothes 
@DiemBrown I agree!  I am very upset about the lack of sun 
Listening to Ciccilleju's &quot;Martina&quot;. Brings me so many memories! 2004! *nostalgia*. Even Candytron by kb kicks in. Am I that old already? 
is really upset with twitter right now 
OMG ON THE LAST CHAPTER OF BREAKING DAWN im so sad i dont want it to end  but !!!!!! OMG SO HAPPY LAST CHAPTER !
@SummerRP I hope the color black doesn't make me depressed 
Ive just been very excited and then @lindarrrr told me I missed toy story 
will probably be startingmy temp job as amortgage loan processor in a week. i am so excited 
Sat at home doing nothing but phone watching. Wanted to see star trek but everyone's boring this evening. 
@IanKendallmagic I'm really annoyed that I didn't get to see you too!  Love to all the family x
@barnarl No London outing this time unfortunately  Got weddings and family commitments to attend to. Next time I hope...
I'm off to study for my advanced functions math exam -.- ! and yup. next week is booked @KhayeeMariie  o well. im broke anyways xD
@OneAwesomeTwit whats wrong? 
is a bit depressed that im not going to be watching the penguins tonight. 
@lightningbaron Mary Stuart. It's also educational! Even if the villainess wins 
Frustrated that I am now sharing a room with my little sister 
Wonderful. Another Brandon Savage has gotten himself in trouble for child molestation. My Google Alert is full of it. 
@flaherty617 I had a feeling you would. It was a brilliant show. I miss it terribly. 
I'm sooo upset.   I have to make a decision about university without any knowledge. It's far too risky.
@valenbfm i'm not upset about the roleplaying.  i'm really not.
@brampitoyo Coworking would be awesome. But I work a side job on the weekends 
Back to 100% after last night but now off to work  Hopefully there will be plenty of game left for me to enjoy when I get home! GO PENS!!!
No happy tummy  the toyota yaris should only cost half a regular wash because it's half of a regular car.
@kivus None of those are options for me, unfortunately. 
@bubbly_vicky ik  I'll put it on hold. i'm actually reading a sci-fi book. u know &quot;the host&quot;? by stephenie meyer?
@jpwest  Doesn't sound like fun - good luck 
sad    my bff just went back to Ohio...so jealous.  time to regroup for gametime at 8 30
police have given me a criime ref number, gonna ring back monday if keys still missing and they'll report it as theft!  joy oh joys!!
@shortyinabox Shower did help but it didn't wash away the few extra pounds unfortunately  Wouldn't it be awesome if it worked that way ?
@keza34 Hey Kelly, glad yet another agrees ;)  I still think Susan Boyle will win it though 
suns gone away now....  chloee....mwaha lol...yehh im offically going to the JB concert...the tickets arrived 2day! so excited! wahoo!! xx
@therainisfallen firstly, shut up. you're amazing. secondly, how AKWARD was sat night? poor salbal 
@KatherineSoroya I want to go! Jealous 
Enjoys doing practice MBE questions, strangely enough even though I get most of them wrong 
@EdWords Hey Ed, have fun @ fresh. Will there be a stream? can't listen now 
My mom just told me I will be an embarassement to her if I try to go find Dane after the show .. Hmm .. A Lil harsh !! 
Watching tv...by myself.....while everyone is at the river having fun. 
@Nahlah1 MIA was having a field trip day and i was one of the chaperones...can you saw awesome?? Alhamdulilah! But i got back by 9:20 pm 
@mrigali sounds like a fun day despite the loss. I opt'd for yard and house work myself. 
@cholebosser i woke up @ 12. felt so delish to sleep in past 5am! yeee gurr! have fun servin bottles 2nyt while i pop bottles  mezu
@NileyLoveStory hope she undestands  she's awesome sweet and talented &lt;3 and she doesnt need justin.
End of the concert unfortunately  Bis! http://twitpic.com/6a75w
@Stu_the_great Won't be as compressed as Guitar Hero On Tour or Ouendan/EBA (which unfortunately lost a lot in sound quality  )
Work has killed my body. Don't want to get out of bed but need to eventually for the last Tequila Saturday for a while.. 
Finished off a cool piece. Unfortunately I had to stare at droopy old lady vag to accomplish that 
looking for some summer fun! ASAP!!!!! concerts? parties? drinkin? MEN!!!???? WHITE MEN?!?!?! can't find any of those options 
@Caitsmomma thanks hun. I didn't even get to do my friday faves this week 
it's starting to look like this is my saturday night innit really  fucking brilliant
Happy Saturday Tweeites!!  It's a beautiful day today but I'm inside working   The kids got to go to the park tho 
Really doesn't want her friends to get mad or her boyfriend to be upset all night  what can make EVERYBODY happy???
@nativephotog makes me wanna get outa Cali and go enjoy where my fam is from 
why u have the title &quot;CUDDY BUDDY&quot; not &quot;MY MAN&quot;! lol.. Very irritated.. Must find new buddy..this 1 is getting attached..as always..MAN! 
@warketing no funciona el enlace 
Feeling out of touch, a little jealous, and totally replaceable. 
@_CIGARETTEBURN lol maybe! its a family dog so everyone has to decide together unfortunately  .... at least im getting one though!
#bgt I LOVE 2 Grand, i think they are really sweet! But then holly is such an amazing singer for a 10 year old and i really love Julian! 
Boo. Watched 40mins of Wall-E and switched it off. It's no Toy Story. It's not even an Incredibles. Disappointed 
party and travis's house tonight. hope it doesn't pour on us. mud = me NOT a happy camper 
@sofiesunshine  i dont even like the fact i dont see claire like within 2 weeks, i couldnt cope 9 months! D:
@kirstiealley we hadfun,upbeat family.Daughter got BF that is odd/medicated and she ran away last night. 911 did not help,she is 17. 
My dad loves me  he said they'll help me move and if i need extra money securing a new apt to let me know + he thought i was upset
@JustinDelabar less horizontal content area... More vertical scroll = 
I feel guilty when I'm happy these days. Sad thing 
@stonexbaz yes have several for me! I'm a white wine girl, medium. Fancy a baileys now though! God i'm depressed 
I was wary of combined wireless ap/storage but was seduced by over-the-air backups; now I fear my Time Capsule may be crapping out 
unfortunately i don't know the guys name that looks like my celebrity crush 
@greavsie60 LOL cant even keep water down at min 
The team have enjoyed a farewell bbq and are packing their kit 
importing articles into this site, I've hit the historical limit on what has a DOI  not fun now
@Jonasbrothers I wish I was going to one of shows  have fun and good luck!
going to cousin's graduation, at lebron james' high school-during tonight's cavs game. At Lebron central and can't even watch the game 
@x_Maxine_x aha ino! am so upset he never commented back  not! we woulda got pure abuse haha
@Jennifalconer Yeh i agree she is amazing but dont think she will win 
attempting to do the splits for my besties birthday ... not a lot of fun, kinda hurts  i hope you love it sarah!
Things are lookin' quite gloomy here in my apt building. Not a good week for the place were I've kicked up my feet for 10 years now 
yay! blackout was AMAZING! they really put on a show! silverstein didnt play true romance  got to the front though cept 4 one person XD
@RAHeight You'll be okay  When it's all finished, it'll be awesome. I don't know how you guys work so hard/well under so much pressure!
Ah my sister is getting a new cat. I am jealous and wish i was there. 
@timlovejoy cos he has a funny shaped head. poor fella 
@omgiitsjen who else would I be talking about? have fun at work tonight. I'd visit if I wasn't working until 11 
@XEROUZA oh  Funny how my brain just couldn't see that at all!
@titalacuabnita what wha wha wha wha? :'( boohoooooooo. I'm so jealous. what did he say to her?  cryingg
amazing time at the beach. got very burnt tho  and i used lotion too! pfftt sun protection? yeah right lol x
@robdeanhove hmmm, jealous. i have a sunburnt elbow 
@xXMCR_LadyXx   i dont even know what mikey has to do but my mom won't even let me call him!
@Ocnarf10 I'm mad fucking load of piss!!! Pissing me off!! I'm not happy 
watching BGT DIVERSITY TO WIN all the way susan boyle isnt that amazing anymore, soz susan  Go Diversity XD
@mscottbnl awesome! i want to work out, but not with a sprained ankle  *dawn*
@ HaNnah0116  Its a little too late now. My weekend afternoons and evenings are too busy.
going to the dynamos game tonight! excited...but then sad b/c its my last one...until 2011 b/c i am moving 
@SteveHealy enjoy! we're up tomorrow for the International Improv with @jupitusphillip you're missing Britain's Got Talent 
Is enjoying a country music radio station from Macon, GA cause stupid England does not have any!! And wzzk in Birmingham, AL is shite... 
@troychristopher hope you have fun i have to work tonight as well  ily &lt;('-')&gt;
@andyprovidence I DO!!! But I can't  have fun while the weather is nice in Seattle.
I want A)Stavros Flatley B) Aiden Davis C) Julian whatever his last name is to win. Unfortunately they won't.  #BGT
damn i hurt my ankle playing basketball. i cant even walk now 
@_Morrigan @DesertMaiden *Snort* sadly, it was related to my supper, not ZQ  I Burnt my mouth hella bad on corn-on-the- cob
just finished tannin.. i think i might be a lil uneven since i feel asleep on my stomach  watever.. lookin for somethin to eat! hungryyy!
Oh... Balenthia.    Until we meet again. I've enjoyed being able to watch you more this season and become more crazed.  It was inevitable.
OME got work tomorrow 10-6 don't want to do it  just got to best part of my twilight fan fict gonna be awesome!
Is at farleys calming his nerves after eating glass with his cereal 
I'm suddenly feeling very depressed 
@NileyLoveStory gurl i know  but please, NEVER give up. unfortunately there are a lot of things that we dont know.
  I'm glad diversity got through...but what about stavros!  
 not happy with that at all !!
JULIAN SMITH TO WIN. DIVERSITY SECOND. SUSAN THIRD?  im angry at you guys.
@OfficialBF1943 Awesome!  Too bad Im not going though 
was getting annoyed with extortionate tmobile wifi charge in hotel but remembered I have a 3 mobile broadband dongle!! Tmobile '10 24hrs 
Another gloomy day..and yeah...the Nuggets lost the series 
Gutted about Stavros Flatley  .... But glad about Diversity.
If Susan Boyle has won I will be a very unhappy person 
@martinhavlat You are too funny. I wish I could have seen you and the guys at Wrigley! I am stuck at work. 
Poor SuBo  diversity are awesome tho
@kimriotzz im trying desperately to keep this going but im afraid this is all i can remember. 
I am so depressed at work.   I seriously need a woman.  I don't need love.
i am shocked and upset. this will take 500 weeks to get over 
Sooooo gutted that Aidan didn't win!!! I've never been so upset in my life!! Soo gutted  xx
@MyleszIzzEree i could honestly cry, she has just shown how good she is by being so nice even though she came 2nd i am outraged 
@aceweekly i didn't even know about the fair until i saw tweets going by about it. 
Totally enjoyed Drag Me to Hell...although I'm so not in the mood to EAT!!! 
@laubow_ to be fair I think part of her is happy she didnt win. She looked under so much pressure 
Good morning.  We might get snow today.  And winter doesn't even start until tomorrow.  And my central heating is still two weeks away 
Ex mother-in-law is coming to visit kids. Joy of joys, fuckin' fantastic. 
Finally opened my violin case after a week and a half. Too much going on with the end of school to even think about playing. 
 even the hoff can't bandaid the scar left by diversity winning and not the father son dancey team.
I am glad that Diversity won but mah! i realy wanted Stavros Flatley to win 
Good Afternoon Twitter! It is a Beautiful day outside and I am stuck at work  for those who are not...enjoy the lovely day!
I'm kinda glad Susan Boyle left the stage before she revealed any more leg 
Damn. Failed another part of the marraige prep class.  Jen wants us to decrease spending on fun stuff if both of us lost our jobs.  
Waaaaaaah! Uck Im happy diversity are brilliant! But Susan Boyle needed it Poor wee darling 
@elizastan: oh I am so, so, so glad! Poor little kitty 
Werder Bremen has won!! I'm sooo happy! But I'm very sad, too because IT WAS DIEGO'S LAST MATCH for Werder... 
Back from NYC. Diversity were amazing &amp; worthy winners, but i'm disappointed Susan didn't win 
about to babysit. I'm not too happy. 
Bluuh, i always seem to miss the fun!  I don't really get the trending stuff actually ;$
That is a negative I can't go anywere,  but don't you like the good News allot better?
@nickstarke dude I love you! Haha, we should LAN css some day I havnt even touched it in a while.. Sad day 
im so upset stavros flatley didnt win britains got talent 
@zoara Critical mass the bike thing? It was quite popular  last yr and is getting to be again, fountains 1730 last Friday. My bike broke 
I have nothing to do. Maybe I'm gonna watch Radio:active live at Wembley. But it's not fun watch alone  Jossan, come home!
@GuitarLove08 BAHAHA1 You're so lucky he said your name.  Oh my gosh JB3D is AMAZING! You need to watch it so we can talk about it! 
@Bytor2112 oh of course I remember those awesome jerseys! wish I could go to one of those Hawks/Sox day games 
@ericareed. Not fair 
I am sooooo glad that Diversity won!! Poor Julian though!  I hope he gets the chance to release an album. I'd listen to it! xD
@NoahReich yikes, stop spreading the negative tweets noah! 
@feliciaday Unfortunately those  outside the US can't see/hear/watch the link 
@nicole_b86 us doing this mad dance thing n were sayin handcatch :^) sad thing is we werent even drunk in it ahahaha 
Got slightly burned at the fair.. I thought it would be overcast. 
@HolleyMonelle face hurtin and I think I'm high.... sittin in this studio session!  i don't even smoke....yuck son! LOL. I'm good how u?
The stavs were robbed not in the top three your having a recount, actually who gives fuck, only had two drinks today unfortunately timed 
@_speranza I'm so glad all mine are over. I'm going to stirling tommorow with Madre and Padre. We have a work inspection this week too 
@invisiblemandy Yeah Ben said no go on buying one  But there are so many awesome ones!
I'm confused. Normally, everyone should be happy in this situation, but I am not 
glad diversity won BGT! - Gutted its nearly bak to school time 
@linneabeanpod and then just like that IT ALL GOES OUT THE FUCKING WINDOW. i'm so frustrated. i just want everything to BE OK. i miss you 
Ready to go party! My boxer is not too happy about it since she can't come  http://twitpic.com/6abj2
Kinds glad my plans have fallen through so far today. Got a sudden bad tummy ache 
is glad that diversity won britains got talent. bin a gr8 wk of tv but sad its ovr 4 another yr 
Annoyed that stainless steel fridges can't hold magnets. My ceramic one from Istanbul has broken. 
event profs --  I know I saw somewhere guidelines for a candy buffet (how much pp etc.)  Anyone know where that is?  Google isn't helping 
Family party time! Happy 10th bday Malea. My rugrats are growing up too fast 
just got home from the adoption event @CASPCA - saw so many doggies i wish we could have taken home! 
Computer 1 died again  laptop with leopard doesn't even see the airport device. HATE leopard
@kirstiealley Depression is not a fun thing is it? 
@snow_whitex yeah. unfortunately thats part of the reason they make you feel that way 
@maggieleon Not yet, they want me to go out again. I think John should be happy I would go with anything he picks, but wants my opinion 
Awww! Upset Susan Boyle didn't win 
@GeeIsMe you calm yourself! i was kidding. 
@jlaw44 too late - done eating but will do that next time. The flat is a stinkbox &amp; weather too nice to be cleaning  Enjoy the market.
I just found out Hydrosonic practices in the building behind Stephen's office. I am sooo jealous 
@karl_goddard he doz want own car bt there's no money available  And he'd have to go on my insurance even then - prohibitive for 17yr olds
Hmmm... home remedies for stuffy noses.... oh, brilliant. A tissue, this solves absolutely NOTHING! 1st summer saturday and I'm DEAD!!!!! 
@thepleatedpoppy still jealous... I don't have cable 
@unrealitytv Errrrggggghh! Lucky you! They got us all excited for it over her in the U.S. but are teasing us by not airing it over here 
@lordlucan it's just not fair 
The shelf at Ikea was out of stock  I was sooooo excited to finally buy it. I have wanted it for 2 years and the day i go get it ..GONE!
My cars alternator hates me!!! He's always upset 
@nsap Wow a G8 GT! That's awesome Nick! Ironic day tho to get delivery.....&quot;B&quot; day 
I just came on to twitter and found out who won! No!!!!!! I'm watching it the now and didn't want to know yet  I'm happy they won though!!
Enjoying my Daughter for the last time before she leaves me this summer.  
@emaatwell &amp;oh bummer  certainly ur mum wants calm maybe :S..do u hav the dvd? ;) &amp; actualy when u r quiet then u can c it til the end heh
Team Banquet tonight.... a close to a wonderful and heartbreaking season.... i am gonna miss this crew 
@Jonasbrothers it would be so amazing if i could go to one of ur concerts in the US  listening to the new songs and waiting for the album!
Everyone is saying @shanedawson 's new vid is super funny...and i cant watch it coz i has no internet! 
i know ! yess  me and britt ran back in at like eleven and i got popcorn and gum all over my shirt from looking ! it was discusting.  haha
@KatyBasey actually yeah i think they probably would've done, they weren't overly brilliant tonight i don't think. lol no chance of that 
@tribalspaceman You're so mean sometimes! It shocks and hurts and upsets me.  &lt;3
My I.Q. tests came back negative  jajaja
i got sun burnt  i am sooooo happy diversity won!!!! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Enjoyed the #FDR Home in #HydePark, NY. Needs quite a lot of paint, though.  It's in - to my mind - a shocking state. 
@westlifebunny not fair leaving me out like that. 
Missed BRITAIN'S GOT TALENT! So annoyed; and Susan didn't win either 
i have to do an essay on a saturday night. how fun. and theress nufff jamss happening tonight too 
@bxbon We didn't even get option of 3-D.  But it was awesome in regular CGI.
@jeffdunham have you make a European tour!! :o Did you come in France? If it's yes I've never heard that and It's unfair 
im so happy i got to spend the afternoon with my boys.  i hate the weekends, back to work.   ill be at crapper barrel til 1130 
i think god hates me :/ once i'm happy, he's taking my hapiness away faster than anything else 
@JamieExp YEP YEP!!! Unfortunately Tampa's NBC won't carry it.  #stanleycup #magic
The show went amazing! All the bands did incredible. Can't believe its over 
It's not funny 
frustrated that Skype always lags when she tries to talk to B at home 
ant + dec with steven mulhurn is pure perfection isn't it. like seriously, SO funny! im gonner miss bgt 
yumm......amazing dinner cooked by my personal chef. be jealous. then personal training time!! 
last evening in braintree  home tomorrow. ho hum.
@EsmeWeatherwax it's just not fair 
IS HAPPY! But sad she now can't get with Ashley 
glad to see kym marsh she's had a bit of a bad time 
why do i feel sick? why do i feel my life will never be happy. two things in my life would make me happy. i have neither. 
@RichardHull ooh, me too.... just woke up lol - don't even feel like drinking my wine now 
@IAMtheCOMMODORE soo amazing!! I would love go to any of your concert but I can't 'cause for this I would have to travel from Chile to US 
 i just recieved a text from the bf saying &quot;Whats ups babys&quot; haha JERK! quit making fun of me.
@Jelloshe soafnaea ! YES the FISH incident! That was so mean Josh, seriously  Not even saying roberto cavalli will make up for this!
@Corey_B Yeah I was frost too cuz it is pretty awesome but after the frost nerfs unholy is better 
@BeyonceKnow Couldnt make this gig im so disgusted, really am, hubby had to work  but had your webpage opened and had tunes blasting! 
@PaulineK How fantastic for you both! Are you loving Paris? Any trips to Chartres yet? Friends leave Sunday for 3 weeks in Paris  Sad.
FML! got my hair cut...I'm not too proud of it...it's like a shorter version it was to begin with. 
@theBrandiCyrus Me too!  Unfortunately, we don't have one here in Washington 
Wales were ok. The dancing greeks shudve won bgt. Just glad its ova. 1game and rugby season ova 
gutted I've missed BGT  I'll have to watch the repeat tomorrow, diversity musta been pretty amazing to have won?
i think my mam hates me i have annoyed her all day about her getting me a new horse. i better stop annoyin hershe is about to ground me 
@BrittD20 im at night duty so i cant enjoy it anyways  and all my friends are going out, including my ex, cause it's so damn hot and sunny
Going to see UP in 3D with michael after all the other boys bailed on us  should be awesome!!
why are we fighting so often  all these years apart to finally reunite and fight? I just want to be happy!
@bee_wuud my last post was at you. I'm not supprised @buddyluv545 is miserable  but i do feel for you caitlin
its supposed to be nice tomorrow again but im going to my grans so wont be able to enjoy t 
I just came from an awesome party with my friend who is leavin S.A to study in the states.  good times tho! @RevRunWisdom
@jennthompson10 sweet image! nice pics! have fun @ earthfest....i wish i was going. work presentation tomorrow 
@kirby08 i've seen it but only in the west end and some old bootlegs...i've yet to even go to broadway  but yeh, rent is fantastical
@dougiemcfly http://twitpic.com/67uc7 - aww bless ya am sure ya will be amazing ;)  Ya not the onley one i have a sniffly nose to     ...
I'm so glad that Diversity won! Though I am sad Stavros Flatley didn't 
@rtkeeler I won't make it (even though I paid). Had to go to a bday party. 
I hate thinking this way but it is really hard not to I even dream of it now 
Going to graduation. Very sadd  sittin with jelly! Funn. Listenin to music.
i'm dead bored, this time last week i was at the youmeatsix gig and having a proper amazing time and now i'm not  i want it baaack!
@cbn2 Sucks. Apparently Alaska even more out of the way than small town South Carolina. 
Champs in the sun,alwys fun! 1/2 the fam on a flight 2Milan, wana go bt can't  Drivin Benzino 4a wk tho ;-D Gonna hed out,go c wats gud x
@sidelanes Heard that too. But I doubt they will even have my class for the summer school program.  Gotta take it next year, I guess.
Why isn't Toy Story 3 out for another year? I got excited when it said June 18th, then it said 2010  WOTTTTT
i dont know why but i just feel really depressed  hopefully tomorrow ill feel better
@jedimasterlucy Mrs fields' cookies are amazing. Mmmmmmm I want one now 
My bathtub is angry at me 
@nancynelson23 Sorry you stayed in on a Friday night.  Very hard to do. But I know your story will be amazing! Can't wait!
Have to spoil the fun though  Now I heard the rumor (still a rumor for me) first hand that Jensen will be moving out ;( #asylm
Tired....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  and angry, pissed off and happy... hmmm? xP F**ked up mood xD
@GiannottiLaura  have fun laura I wish I could come but my id won't work I need a new one 
@Rhuaridh I'm not sure it'll help any, but I've been known to feel the same way. Unfortunately, I haven't found a remedy for that one yet 
@AMAZING725 ooo.. i thought u abandoned us.. the cavs play 2 night.. hopefully they dont end up like DENVER 
@lindseybaron I'm jealous. I have to wait 2 weeks until I go to NYC next. I'm also sad I don't get Lindsey time anymore. 
Just got back from Drag me To Hell. Was amazing. But, where was Bruce? 
so glad diversity won! woop woop...gotta get up at 5:30 to do a carboot sale 
@frazier310 that sounds fun. Too bad my car is in the shop.  and too bad @eGlamourPhoto is really busy all day cause I'll go with him
Is soo upset. (((( cant stop crying. 
@Sam_Jones_ I am too negative. It scares me. 
@tommcfly AH BGT WAS AMAZING. you missed it  BOOOO x
boreddd. watching my sister is no fun at all. 
Jus stepped on glass. And there's a big cut on ma foot. Omg I'm still goin out even though it hurts 
hhmm my back may have enjoyed the sun too much today 
I want some of that free Walmart ice cream today but no Walmart anywhere close   The one negative of living in the middle of the city
Sunburn is killing me, even burnt my knees   It really feels like its only about 6pm as it still really light yet its 22:38pm oh well
@Mattox1 i dont know how to reply to you on tumblr but pinkberry is amazing everywhere. i havent had it since monday tho 
@DJShameless1906 LOL ok all judgement aside..tomato juice is gross  yuck!!! i know its good 4u so i drink it sumtimes but i never enjoy it
@martinhavlat I think it's times someone played a joke on Burish..even though he is my fave player. sorry marty     lol
Speechless about AssNole's loss. Oookay no time for personal attacks. I can't believe that such a champion will not even play the semis. 
@Kandyisbadass I remember those days...  Wait until he's 14 doesn't want you to hug him in public   Enjoy him while he's tiny!!
So glad #BGT has finished, can get back to normal now in the house.. Best hope the wife doesn't find out that Big Brother starts soon.. 
That was an @fudgecrumpet tweet btw...I don't have the funny gene... 
@james__buckley can't believe they didn't even make the top 3  but saw Simon Bird on BG more Talent 
@MishkaOttawa We don't get that here unfortunately. Other than the main 3, there are no regular broadcasts of any of the other series. 
even the higher isnt making things better  i need to leave
Hitting the bed now since I have to be up at 8 for work at 9 tomorrow. The weather's going to be awesome again and I'll be stuck inside. 
Got excited for a minute. Opening number rehearsal is over. Too bad we still have tap rehearsal 
@Clare16JB wow those are awesome subjects..they dont offer those in my school  i take accounts,business studies,economics,and AICT
@markhoppus when will the be announced? i'm one of the million unfortunates that couldn't get tickets  haha
Please go to this website: www.freerice.com n help to feed poor people playing,is incredible how people died n nobody cares,so terrible 
@ThatsHaute Idk why but im so lazy &amp; head feels a bit heavier then usual lol  &amp; yess! im excited.
Enjoying a Montecristo #2 - sssshhhh ;) - Swimming with the kids. I miss Lisa  http://twitpic.com/6ad0w
Susan Boyle should have won the BGT  her voice is AMAZING...but i guess for some people this is not enough 
@HappyHousewife how sad  whenever my kids and I see someone like that we pray for them, right then and there.
so we are out of the city playoffs but more upset about why things happened the way they did but there is always next year 
@VegasTweeter37 too mnay of us have it seems-so sad!  But glad she was mine!
I'm mad that @tradorjoes was out of my favorite - flattened banana. I even made a special trip just to get it! 
Is irritated!  ugh get me outtaaaa hereeeee!
ugh where's the sun at :/ i thought this was sunny california? 
@abramsandbettes Sorry Warren didnt come it so you had to fill in on this AMAZING day!! 
@lmjtart http://twitpic.com/6ad8w - I am so jealous!!! I don't even have a birthday cake this year 
right back to chemistry revision...  can't believe i've actually got 3 exams on MONDAY yet i'm sitting here relaxed!
@jeffpower AWESOME!  But boo for @comcast 
@meimarigold you have no idea how jealous I am 
Im gone to sleep! I have 5 hours b4 I need 2 wake up 4 work..  so night night 4 me &amp; continue 4 wonderful day 4 all of my sweet twitts &lt;3
tooth thru my bottom lip  ohh well.. still having fun tubing w/ courtjo- txt me!
@Domsucks yeah i'm pretty sure 106.7 lost its funding or something so its gone  lol
i can't believe how stupid i've been. cause now i think i've lost something wonderful b/c i couldn't see it's worth when i had it... 
DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES FINAL ON WEDNESDAY - GONNA BE SO GOOD BUT DONT WANT IT TOO FINISH 
@seonaidm good evening love, you looked not a kick in the arse off death today, not feeling any better i take it? 
@postmodernpinup Yeah but it's no fun all alone 
@JasonBradbury sameee they were amazing I don't think susan wanted to win but hollie was devistated  x
@therecordlife you hungry? if you were in IL then i would say we should go get food. but alas, you've left our wonderful country of corn. 
i just slept for 2 hours but now i feel even more tired then i did before 
@wicklekell me too the season was soo much fun!! no semi finals anymore...aww  xxxxx
hell yes, Diversity won Britain's Got Talent! They deserved that after an incredible final performance! Shame about Stavros Flatly 
I was thinking 2day would be awesome 
9th two years in a row even after a PR...out of the slow heat... this year by less than 0.3 seconds...seriously??!!!! not cool 
@smazattack I'm glad that I'm following yur moral code; though I was very sad in the pic: http://twitpic.com/68qj3 D-backs lost yesterday 
@snapcrackleDIAN il tell you later... @arlencyrose it was only fun for the officers. I was miserable 
@itsmelissafoos oh no no, it's from the suit. I took the shirt off as soon as it got sunny 
And Santa and the Toothfairy dont exist  By the way doggy paddle is a legitimate way to keep balance  x
susan boyle lost! im so upset! she deserved to win  but well done diversity
@ModelSupplies Even WITH sunscreen, one of mine faded in the first year. Not done right 
Furniture shopping stops being fun after hour two in the same store that you spent 2-3 hours in last weekend. 
Feeling a bit funny about life today  but distracting myself with the sun and Britain's Got Talent! Falling asleep to 'Pride and Prej!'
@Shaunnayo yeah  almost done!!! I talked to katester right now and we want to have a repeat of last night!!! Haha so much fun
is wayyy wayyy jealous of them brazilians and wants to meet mcfly againnnn  (L) @tommcfly
Not happy at all...I'm a step away from being devastated this is the time where I really miss my mommy 
@SuperUber7 No it does not.  My ego misses Boston's love. And ps. I added some insight to your yelping about out torrid love affair...
@3drik   table dancing is more fun tho
Well dang. This day went from really amazing to really crappy. I want Bojangles.  
This week in the Bahamas has been fantastic! Be back tmrw. Don't want it to end. 
Kinda sad.. I miss u cathy hope ur resting peacefully love you soo mich my dominican princess 
Glad Susan Boyle lost, she was rather arrogant. Arms are still glowing after a heavy dose of moisturiser 
going to the store because we need food to feed the boys. i'm in sucha funk these days 
@LegalCookie No, you ninny. It's supposed to work with a PC. Dont make fun of me bc I'm Macless 
omfg, very very very tired  after a test and two classes of english, i went to the mall with mommy and we shopping a lot *-* but i'm happy
Bummed plans didn't work out for the evening 
@will37 Nothing good! It was HORRID. I didn't even film anything after waiting for 2 hours in 102 degrees with no A/C. Long, ugly story 
@FunkyKiwi i tried! before they dont listen or choose to ignore 
@NeThingButAvrg that's pretty funny. Cuz I looked at what I replied to you and thought the same thing.  shame.
@DawnRichard my rain is when something bad happens to anyone in my nuclear or immediate family. I get real depressed 
Seven pounds was so sad. 
@NathanFillion Waaah, can't come to Milton Keynes...gutted  Have fun!
Currently talking about how im jealous of not being at the Jonas Brothers concert in Birmingham  but only 16 days till wembley 
@Knunez Twitter used to be fun for me, now It's cluttered with spammers and games. Damn media. Twitter isn't that fun for me anymore. 
man i keep going in and out of sleep! i hate being sick  im even late for the darn internet radio show  boooooooo
well its 5! on my way home! would be happy, but i gotta do it  all over tomorrow. 
Thanks for ruining my evening, Twitter.. 
Starting to worry about my 21st speech by bro..even though so far away. Toooo many embarrassing stories that he knows which friends don't 
@Kaytee318 Lol its finally sunny here, sorry you missed the show. 
Semiannual yard/house cleaning day. How's that for boring? And its for a party that @mikevsshark and i aren't even invited to. 
    awhhe man.... I'm completely useless rt now. Funny, all I can do is twitter. http://myloc.me/27HX
Twitter makes me angry 
@cazp09 i wont be able to survive without our daily chat  it aint fair LOVEYOU xx
You'd think someone who wants to be a nomad would enjoy moving more 
@sethu_j altho I'm officially angry at you for ignoring 4 texts from me like an hour ago 
how can a confession from a loved one be such a shock even though you knew about it long before they admitted it to you??? 
@Carm823 yeah...and i'm not even gettin paid 
thinking why mom always thinks negative about me 
God knows i don't want to leave. Dispite the horrid Oklahoma weather, this was the most awesome time I've had in a long long time. 
Today has been boring.... Havent hung out with roni lately so i might do that... graduation was funn! and sad 
has a sick tummy! Feels like I am gonna throw up. This is no fun.  Somebody come comfort me!
so sad, over 40 whales beached themselves at Kommetjie. Even when they were helped back out to sea, they came back and beached again 
@amiemccarron OMG!! Lol...only not so funny, right? 
and ignacio totally just accidentally slept through all the fun D'X guess thats the price for waking up so early 
@Brandi_Love so jealous where's my invite 
the vespa dealer is on vacation until tuesday, and cann't even get near the tables at the riio because they need all the space for the 1k 
@HelenOster makes sense now thanks for the info and sorry if i offended anyone... 
@malvegil Jealous. There's a pool here at the hotel, but we have to go to a wedding reception instead 
had a luvly time in the bar watching BGT, so happy SB didnt win -  i really dont wanna leave for the summer 
Street parking on Fairfax + walking... @waffleslove . Michael kohn too far to walk 
@drunkenrandom her husband prob cheatin 2 not righr but i guess she feels its even  there ia no sanctity anymore
@Cindyhm1 Have fun in Coronado! Although the weather has been unseasonably gloomy 
@nicoledevon Awww, looks like fun!  Wish we could be there 
@BlakeVE no fair I wanna go but I have no internet and I'm not home  will u guys do another 1 soon?
@PierreJoye I'll try, but cannot promise... have been too much on the road for the last 5 weeks 
Pretty sore! The little things frustrate me. I can't believe I can't even pick something up off the floor!  Praying God gives me patience!
@bastienvs when will I be able to download it? you're so slow.. JK! I can't even make 1 second track  lol
Last ever Tubridy Show  Imma miss him, but I'm glad he's taking over The Late Late Show. It hasn't been the same since Gay left
Mcfly dvd was AMAZING!! but im too frigging warm! and my foot hurts cos i jammed it in the car door earlier! 
@HappyHousewife I see that kinda stuff all day long cashiering at Walmart. 
Im watching Willy Wonka &amp; The Chocolate Factory f*ck I wish I was in this movie. It look so fun 
@TWCWeekends  Good evenin Steph and Kim!  hope yall are havin a good evening ... even though you guys are workin on the weekends  bummer!
@Emily_YA well, you know my deal: CF then MF! I can't wait for your MS! So excited it's done. No Janet though 
@emmarossx obviously by lookin at her shes watching it not playin it hahaha omg im so harsh 
@stellery they wanted eight bucks for one at this faire! 
@chalandrea have fun! have a drink or 6 for me!!! I'm sadly not drinking tonight! 
Is enjoying the French Open. Shame that Venus is out though. 
@GameFocusdotca The going to E3 makes me more jealous  Anytime you need a british writer/podcast guest, you let me know ;)
flight delay to philly... awesome.  
@jollymcmoo Oh thanks so much. Ugh, how come it doesn't let you commet on the video. :[ That sucks 
I'm jealous of her 
man i had to take the gladiator snakeskins back, was killing my feet in 2 mins flat, a fashionista gotta be comfy but they were so cute 
just left downtownn! the fieldtrip was sooo fun! last one of the yearr ): i'm sure gonna miss PALs! 
really sick, such a miserable day! 
the sun stopped shining.  now its all gloomy.
Upset about the tenting situation 
annoyed bout 1k. playing and working do not go well together. 
Being as awesome as I am takes a lot of energy. I need a nap 
Feeling really sleepy and depressed that the day is almost over and I did nothing exciting ..my life is gettin pretty boring 
@otterale Marvelous! I should like that! Bloody evil evening, too 
@CSI_News CSI went down hill when Warwick was killed, not it is even worse with Grissom 
Back from Melting Pot w/ side trip to Fun World. Holding onto 29 for as long as I can!! Tonight, goodbye to the 20's party. 
@dillonn that's so sad yet funny. Poor April sitting in jail right now 
Attack! my server is 502-in' ...looks like I get to have a fun rest of the night 
@CSI_News CSI went down hill when Warwick was killed, not it is even worse without Grissom 
http://twitpic.com/6ai2c - robert decided it is more fun to text his brother than talking to us. 
right in time for the mega event, my old etrex GPS gave up  #projectgame
as bad as i wanna go, im not bout to play $200 and im not even gon be able to see her good... guess ill catch the next one. 
@kathrynlucy i am too  i think i'm missing them all. by last night i even ended up enjoying the first act!
@cabri  but I'm glad you're ok.
@mastermars Oh my God, honey, I am SO sorry for your loss  I didn't even know. I send my condolences to your family.
seems a few neighbors watched this AM when Luca flat out refused to get up &amp; get home. guess they thought it was funny. NOT! 
so much fun stuff going on this weekend when i have to finish a 12pg paper and an INTENSE phytoplankton growth lab write-up. damnnnn 
my girlfriend in i miami and its not sunny there either  Follow her and say Hi @Kristinakk4
@Kristen8108 Vinegar is your friend this evening. 
Argh, I am going to the dentist tomorrow  not fair, nothing is wrong with my teeth (I don't hope there is)
how do I load a profile pic, it keeps telling me it's too big even though it isn't!!! AArrggghhh! 
woke up, had a picnic with the most wonderful man, headed ? bridgettes now, i wnt see him til Nxt Friday  or Saturday
The party full of kids has turned into an enjoyable evening. Things are winding down though and it's not even midnight. 
wow gooo diversity... but all of the other acts were amazing too! right bed time now!!! n revision tomorrow!  xx
@mchangesq We'd love to have you, but it's an internal happy hour for LinkedIn employees only. 
is very very frustrated 
@VickyMinor Chris grabbed my arms and mum grabbed my legs then they shoved me in a bin took my phone and took photos of me  unhappy face
I wish I had even a quarter of his talent. Getting some readable writing out of myself often feels like pulling teeth... 
Lori Petty in Tank Girl is sooo Butch!  OMG She is like my sister, but totally NOT, and not related to me in any way, and is far away.  
Right CDs ordered now i'm gonna watch Scream cos it awesome, well except for the start Drew Barrymore crying makes me sad 
Upset that my KFC grilled chicken meal contained the smallest portions on earth. I think I would have been better off with a kids meal. 
@cabri Oh no!  I'm so sorry. I love those cars. I'm glad you're ok. Hope it's a quick fix.
@JonathanRKnight LOL Come back to Ireland. We will show you how to have a good time. thats not fair. you are all the way over there.   XO
bored,,  watching &quot;the seven year old surgeon&quot;
@EdgeInternArmy So sad I couldn't make it out  Glad to hear you had a blast!
I feeel sick too many fair rides 
dude.. my turntable isn't keeping time. What the fuck is wrong with it?  Fast slow Fast Slow Fast Slow I'm so fucking upset.
@ShortyGotLeau I knoowww. We're the poor, left out DHMB-ers.  lol - Hope everyone who went is having an awesome time!
@angryladybug you poor thing  wish you were able to be online so we could chat :/
Long Beach, Lakewood this morning, Compton this afternoon &amp; then I'm heading to Hollywood tonight. I haven't even had my starbucks today 
@SARALOVESNICHOL Never ever change  You're so amazing ... Jonas for life ! Message me ok ?
@babygirlparis Paris i love youuu! your absolutely beautiful its not fair  are you coming to the UK anytime soon?
@Bag84 no my eye's so now your making fun of my eye's that's not very nice 
@TWCWeekends: Funny commercials for StormMasterG you guys are running now, but the http://weather.com/stormmasterg site isn't working. 
@RightGirl  that sucks. U should come hang out here at wrigley field. Sunny &amp; 72 here in beautiful Chicago today!
Sittin at home lookin after my Sister   Had a great day out. Woke up at 1 (it was super sunny) had lunch then went out. Got sunburnt :S
@shelbyuf2013  be happy tonight! Have fun...this is it remember!
this time last night was having fun..   direct contrast
@brooonagh AMAZING (: best movie i've ever seen EVER. why cant you see it? 
@Alyssa_Milano ouch bottom of the seventh and the dodgers are down by 7 runs 
@emmao414 if I was on my lapper I'd bombard you with the funniest stuff that never fails to lift my spirits! Alas I'm not 
@SentimentalMood @NIABCHICAGO I live right around the corner from there so Im always there! Unfortunately Im at work at the moment..... 
@MissSweetyD yep and I dont even know why 
It's srsly unfair how many more knitting books there are compared to crochet 
@BigHappymonkey I know 
@WilliamSledd Glad to hear it! Your last video was sad 
Glad to see happiness with Britain's Got Talent result! Gutted Stavros Flatley didn't make it to final three though 
@bigxcityxdreams im so jealous that you get to see @nicksantino tonight. 
Kid genius is sad that I don't like sausage. I told him &quot;you can have all the sausage you want&quot; ....he's so 'nilla, didn't get the funny 
@JB_Rising I'm a dark horse what can I say!!! To be fair I never met the guy which is gutting 
@ablasco yeah yeah whatever! You get to hang out with my bff and I don't! That doesn't make me happy 
Can't sleep cos of the amount of noise in the street tonight, just glad my boys room is in the back of the house not the front 
Going to get fertilizer, instead of a movie.   Oh the joys of farm life! Can I get an amen Travis?
@BeautyDestroyed but then you might end up being single for 3 years like me and that's no fun either 
@bobbyMGF no I want to though  but you'll do great have fun!
@Sabrinaa_, I havn't even started  how long has it taken you?
So excited for a nap right now. Never been excited for a nap, but I guess that is what happens when you only get two hours of sleep! 
@anoopdoggdesai WRAL's Kathy said you'll be singing three songs on tour. Have duets been scrapped? Indiv. sets weren't as fun last yr 
no one is talking...  i'm editing pictures, it's super-fun!
@balls187 awesome! We haven't gone to NYC in awhile.. I loved it though. It's close to DC so we have no excuse 
@cookingwithamy so jealous. my 2 fave fruits r blueberries&amp;peaches. i tried the link u posted yesterday 2that cake but it didn't work. 
My child barfed on me at the restaurant.  Oh the joys of motherhood...regurgitated, warm, curdled milk all over my shirt 
is seriously upset that she'll be in NY when @adamgrahek and @sarakiesling will be coming to Chicago.  Ughhhh... life is cruel.
Fantabulous flipflop weather! but mine just went SNAP!! and broke grrrrr very annoyed aaarrrrgggghhh! and they were new wah!  #fb
Augh. Why must all the fun social gatherings be on the weekend when I have a shitton of things to do? 
found the perfect prom dress but i cant have it ..soooo unfair 
Haha excellent, Stavros Flatley is a trending topic now! Too bad they didn't even make it into the final three.  #BGT
@mileycyrus i wanna go to brandi's Birthday party lol Happy late birthday Brandi sorry  Love your hair wish i had it lol
@wearebutlins uh hang on George Sampson didn't come to Butlins - broken toe - there were a lot of unhappy  13 year olds 
Traffic, done. Beautiful day, done  how can it be so gloomy just 45 minutes away?????
@adrianx3 I'm jealous bc ralph likes you more than me now. 
my drawing keeps hopping from a too whimsical to too realistic. having trouble with what the happy medium of the two looks like 
is slihtly bored, having this tooth out is no fun  cant go anywere
Had a really nice day, not in a good mood now though.  Pissed off and pretty pessimistic  Going to watch Team America in bed for laughs.
WTF NOVAK! NO...  It's going to be hard for me to care about the men's tourney now. As for the women, excited about the upcoming matchups.
Ohkayyy, I'm getting frustrated right now. Can someone please help me upload a photo onto Twitter? I just tried and its not appearing 
R.i.p chloe my cousin's sister in law  10 years old and died in a car crash yesterday Life's not fair 
@iamjonathancook awww cute i was just havin fun with my nephews they left half an hour ago and i miss them already 
went canoeing yesterday and did it in less time than they said we'd be able to, it was awesome! But, i lost my ray ban's in the water 
listening to &quot;impassive&quot; songs bring the past back...break the stairs,rips my heart everytime i thought it got me NOWHERE but *weep* 
@LeeConti little boots is all kinds of awesome...wish i could have seen their gig w/delphic 
hopes the twits at work have fun binge drinking and such like. No such luck for moi. 
Tempted to eat this entire box of Mauna Loa macnut chocolates... But I won't. Even if I already ate half, and I was supposed to share  ah!
ROTF Bludgeon's wheels aren't stiff enough to hold the swords steady.  The swords droop down. 
@ninjaavie89 Aye I'm glad I don't have 4 of them ;) Gah, he's been going awol for a while now but tonight it all blew up 
in bed waiting for sleeps to come ipod is in the car &amp; @funkypaul is a million miles away  #bedfail
update! tuesday-saturday= fun  tomorrow = revision  but i'm happy if i have sunshine! could do with some credit though man!
@girldrinkdrunk Naw I dun even remember. I made a caek foar you but mam wouldnt let us put the swazi on it. 
@laurtje No fun when you're laughing at me  I can't help it if my life sometimes resembles a sitcom...
TC-ing this weekend with ?mattlebrun and @dpmusso. Fun group! Excited about this weekend at HPC, then I'm gone for 2 weekends after this 
@SimonSpark Trust me, you cannot feel any worse for me than I do about myself right now. Admitting to finding him funny is demoralising. 
Ive just done the 'Taste Test' to see what taste i am (dont know why), and its come up bitter :O:O 
Just left westfest. Very very fun except I got sunbunrt 
@stinakakes I know, me too... I am excited. mad i can only stay for 2 days 
Had the most awesome day: beach in the morning, walked on the boardwalk in the afternoon. Too bad we leave tomorrow 
My dad is making fun of me bc im laughing at a kids show 
Had so much fun last night! But unfortunaely, I woke up to find there was no bread for me to have for breakfast  I want a new XT phone!
Boot season today. Going to utc/fashion to exchange jeans that are my size, unfortunately, I ended up not liking the fit  twit ya later.
also, no fair tweeting about secrets that I'm not privvy to. 
@ShesElectric_  Will do. Tomorrow. Night pixie. I like it when ur happy. Feel better. Is another hug appropriate?
I love my Zune but hate being chained to this unstable, unreliable Win pc 
@JLSOfficial ahhhhh  you tweeted  ecstatic.com &lt;33! sucks you missed out on the sun, i'm burnt  lol. the pic didnt work man  LY&lt;33
@MixxedHoney01 I envy u twinnnn  Please enjoy some pf the weather for me toooo 
Losing my mind over my baby boy graduating high school tomorrow. Man time sure flies when u'r havin' fun! Empty Nest Syndrome commin on 
throwing up all day is no fun 
@hawkdude56 I ended up working in the evening, so I was stuck inside.  Last evening shift and today's my last weekend shift for a while!
Just got done swimming! It felt amazing! He says so much but the meaning of it all has faded away with time.....sorry 
ugh, the sims 3 comes out on the 2nd of june and i'm broke  boo no fair
Thinking abt just now,my heart aches when my dear friends smokes  and drinks  thought they did have fun.
@djallday unfortunately not 
@davidarchie aw! thanks for the blog! i'm glad you had fun in NYC. i wanted to go to that, but NYC is a while away.  have fun at the show!
Sitting at McDonalds while JC &amp; Bethanie play in the tunnels and I miss my wonderful hubby!  
Stephanie had to go to work.  Lame. She get's off at 8! I'm excited to see her again!
@jontymisra OMGoodness, what's your phone now? LOL. But yeah, Oci Store had a terrible launch  Kind of upsetting.
man, its meant ti be even sunnier tomrrow than it was today ....scorrrreeeee!  i dotn even tan though 
@kimberliea fail  I didn't even see him while we were there. &amp; I like the way you think! I'm going with all of the above! 
Well that's the end of another jarsey odyssey...  don't want it to end but glad to be heading back to hove friends and cricket
Pretty much impossible to find unsalted in-shell sunflower seeds!  not even at Whole Foods!
@AUJOEevents I hve one - @therealJada bt he don't even know I'm alive 
iPod just had a fucking malfunction!! Not good!! 
Driving to my make shift birthday party. Not too excited about it anymore. 
to the middle of my frustrated fearssssssssssssssssssssss (8) im so boredd 
@AwesomeFrank no...  I torment you?
@kimberlywarne oh yeah... I forgot you didn't like it  I thought it was funny.
Babysitting!  bleh! I want to do something fun!
@EP31 Wait...a HABS voodoo doll??  Can't you aim your rage at more Penguins instead? Because that was fun for the whole family!
feelin depressed 
is gonna get into bed and read a bit of breaking dawn, then fall asleep - why don't guys like edward cullen really excist? it's not fair 
@Tula_NDubz i love n-dubz &amp; your absolutely beautiful its not fair  hope everythings going ok for you at the moment, can't wait to see u!x
@Cherie_Yoder Have fun with Worship Vis! I'll be at work until 10 tonight 
can't really describe my levels of pure joy :p, lmao at so many things, and I miss you already 
hates staying up really late and sleeping in because than the day goes to waste and i usually end up with a migraine...  i had fun though!
I don't know what to do anymore. i'm stressed, miserable and can't sleep. GGGRRR. just f**king stop it. 
@evefairbanks My sympathies about your computer. 
@loving_my_DEW u got me excited 4 ur show...I gotta wait until july...but no m&amp;g this time 
A fun evening. But we still didn't play munchkin. 
when your finally happy..why does something bad have to happen?? 
Night everyone back to work even though im still sick 
in the midst of big apartment scrubdown, found a quarter inch of water pooled underneath our kitchen sink.   thankful i rent, not own.
@OrganicJar I'd be happy to be your date, but I'm afraid the Atlantic ocean protested.  
@tweetnotpurge1 chest pain, anxiety = awesome. it appears i have some gastro issue. on way to store to buy zantac, chews, &amp; whatever else 
@SoSaysSarah iam very jealous.  ! me want starbucks
@lovejeylee Thanks Jey. I'm havin' guy probs &amp; it's a bitch!  Ugh, feel miserable. I hope you have a great day! &lt;3 you too!
jealous of @jmecg87 who is at the @mitchelmusso concert. tell him i said hi 
@Aurora_13 Happy Weekend! :-P I am sleepy after working at 8 AM today 
OMG I am so upset 
Universal Studios was so much fun! Going home tomorrow  but excited to see @tofu_puppy!!! Kim is tired  http://yfrog.com/e1vjhj
is annoyed she can never see soulja boy on live stream coz shes in England.. he's.. everywhere.. you know.. the time difference and all 
@ThatKevinSmith Well damn. Since NYC is unattainable, I was at least hoping for a 4th Evening with DVD for my collection. 
Leaving the best place for shopping  . Had fun today though . love love love the city .
@doughbee LMAO! fun times  Le-et it groooooooow. Come over heeeere And help me trim my eeeenddds.
The dreadful football aside, it was an enjoyable day out to Hampden! Dunno what im gonna do without football now  haha!
the weather is amazing right now. Hail storm. I have a killer headache though 
@lililoebl Cant believe the sucky weather youre getting this weekend  hope you're still enjoying!
At work. How unfortunate for me. I feel really bad cause I wanted to go to Tyler's party but I was on call. Please cheer me up. 
so tired...played 4 half hour lax games super duper fun, won 2 lost 2, still so tired, didnt win anything in raffle 
Blaaah I'm so jealous I want the Xenon 
darn, get way too excited and unable to finish this damn two pages of a simple translation. 
@DustinLuminate im jealousss, i wanna go paintballing 
@ZOMGitscraig oooohh! yeah i do. oh wait, i can't, i'm stuck babysitting tonight!  sucks for me lol. have fun! love that movie
@aliceee no  but it was AWESOME!!! you should def watch it!!!
You know that your kid is not feeling well, when she doesn't even want to watch TV  Nina is sleeping most of the day which is good.
Is feeling really bad that I hurt a friends feelings and didn't even know it and now I dont know what to do to make it up 
@DanielFielding Well I obviously cant have a laugh with you  Sorry if I upset you
@OldSchoolCobb Enjoy -- my GPS bit the dust  
@evilbusdriver little bitter about the metro changes?  whatcha drivin?
there are at least 2 body-sized lumps on my bed right now. Unfortunately not bodies; rather huge piles of clothes I need to sort through. 
So happy I finished work exp but I am so dreading school on Monday  I have to see her beautiful face. Not a good thing
&quot;Up&quot; was awesome...car overheated on the way home though   Spewed  A LOT of engine coolant, 'check engine' light is on...ugh.
just got off top thrill dragster. awesome as always. millennium force closed for the day. 
@drawingfreak785 you saw it?!?! i'm jealous.  it looks so cute! (:
@userpong Understandable, and I agree. Unfortunately, marketers are marketers. 
@sukaira  wish I was there. Have fun!
Shasta is so much fun!! Everyone is really sleepy right now from being such daredevils out on the water! Kinda sad to go back home 
@TradingGoddess That would be awesome (went to tweetfest), but that is 45 mins from me and NHL playoff is on.  Next time HELL YES
awesome Britains got talent is over  now what can I waste away while watching ?!
@Chrystynamarie I am sorry that happened  How is your fundraising?
@slytherykin Glad you're happy  and that it went ok!! I was sad to miss it 
@SaDcharlotte :O did u watch BGT? im not even gunna talk about the niley thing anymore, sick of all the crap 
@gleivergonzalez The Gazette are awesome. I can't find them on Twitter, they really not here?  #Dir En Grey is my only find!
my tummy is upset  no bueno.
That was anticlimactic, their produce section blows today. Bought fennel and carrots but happy with neither. 
Unofficially annoyed! 
Gah just remembered a friend's 21st party is tomorrow evening. Oh how sense is pleading with the rest of me not to go... 
Is glad I got antibiotics but still feel a bit rough 
Glad Diversity won BGT. They were my favorites! Had a bad head for over a week now, getting bored of it 
@MonaMinx @Vachulme @PinkyNKOTB Hahahaha....no bed for Ms Funky!! Awwwww lol ;p ME NOT HAPPY NOW 
@amy_collier I'd love to know another person that likes blink + there related bands, in the same way I do  my school is a chav festival.
Guess ill go chill wit my bm....hates the fact that I'm only having and 1 day weekend  wrk tmrw unfortunately
omgoodness do ya hate it wen ya cannot sleep its 9 am i havnt even slept yet. this is beyond a joke i think 
@emboosh i dont even like the movie :L the evil fish person or w/e it is scared me 
Last night in ocean city   sunburnt nose, lips, and feet LOL! Thank you Jesus for a fun trip
@kiidswiper,yea,even if you have nothing to do on a Saturday,its not as bad,lol..Saturday=Happy..Monday= 
Breaking evening plans  so I can stay home and learn everything about Canadian higher ed. Got tips?
@xoxoHelenHilton haha yeahh; im now watching the hannah montana movie, even worse! im a sado  hahaa
Didn't know ppl could turn something sooo fun into a chore, geeezzzz, it's not that serious, im just in a pissy mood today 
Still tired &amp; miserable for no good reason  Wish I could go back to sleep &amp; just wake up in a few days when I feel better.
yesh, i love Niley. But if miley's happy, we shud be. dont hate, guys. im sure miley doesnt want this  just save ur crap hehe x
found an amazing house to lease in West U but there's a rule that more than 2 unrelated people can't live together in that area   snobs.
my evenings plan just got cancelled.    guess i gotta save up my dance moves for next weekend anyway
desperate need of some fun fetti cup cakes 
cannot complete transaction due to insufficient funds... FAIL. 
The Spring scoot was fun, though the Misfit Toys had a pretty poor showing 
@FallOutCookGirl I can't even listen to the cell cast now! It's bumming me out even more. 
@livayy I just saw you by copac missy. At the stop sign. And you didn't even wave at me. 
I might watch hotel for dogs tonight...LOL don't make fun of me  hahh.
I m watching the end of the Day of the Dead remake..so bad it's not even good! 
Rain Rain Go Away Come Back During The Work Week PLEASE! Why cant I Have A Sunny Weekend 
@MissVix Awwwwh, you are indeed honoured! I have to admit, I am slightly jealous of you right now. I want a kitty on my lap! 
@DuckyC @ACRead  Sorry - I know the feeling but I broke down and got books - Im off to bed hons! Have  a great evening
@americangoulash oh my, not too many cheerful childhood memories 
@JLSOfficial I WNAT TO SEE THIS PIC!! lool and at least ur doin sumthin fun im revising biology 
@onemac220 I'm jealous! I want pinkberry and I've never even tried it  LOL
fiddling away the evening because my lungs hurt too much to play winds. FML. i need zyrtec but can't afford it 
Just got a wonderful message from him- why can't he be here with me? Driving myself insane again. I can't take this much longer. 
@sofdlovesbsb Good, just hungry! Sorta upset that I missed the BSB stuff twice already, ugh! I hate my luck 
@SHHHE I'm in SF and it sounds fun, but registration has closed, so I won't be going.  
Man, i'm bored  and american dad really isn't that funny :| billy connolly is though 
Wondering if she will remember.. Last year she didnt even call or anything. If that happens again I wiil be pissed!!! 
@loki46250 Bummer.  My condolences. Dead pools are no fun at all.
@EstyMichelle I don't even pluck... it's too owie   But if somebody else plucks, I don't feel a thing. I don't know why
just got done getting ready for tonight. hope it will be fun.need some fun these days! not looking forward to tomorrow  gonna be a sad day
This Darfur vid  http://bit.ly/69QZE  makes me feel sad and upset, not 2 mention feelings about Human Rights lack 
We had a major wardrobe malfunction today. Hanging rail broke. Clothes everywhere 
yay for diversity!!  Boo for having to go to work tomorrow, no doubt it will b super sunny, and everyone else will be enjoying it 
@enviofriend yours is just showing a box w a red x. i cant get mine to do anything. it even erased all my background colors 
Sore throat.  Not fun.
is suffering badly with sunburn not a happy bunny right now 
@TheRealJordin you're here in DC?! Ugh! I didn't even know  I wanna be Cinderella now so I can see you live! http://myloc.me/28e6
just thought i'd throw a shout-out to the Sega Genesis!! Sonic the Hedgehog and Aladin the Game were awesome!!!  miss those 
@DJFIFTHELEMENT Wow, thats pretty harsh... you're mean!!! 
@derogatory small victories, I guess 
@cabri http://twitpic.com/6ap9n - Oh no! Your baby is all scraped.  I am glad you are OK and hopefully your baby will be fixed soon.
@ihateRaquelReed I wish I could witness the latex 
@xkilljoyx The only reason I need her to go is cuz I can't drive out of town, and my brother trusts her with his car.  But, w/e!
@Mom_20 oh yeah, that too! i love fun jewelry but more than that I hate to hurt him  so sad.
Well i hope everyones happy.. Looks like you got what you wanted. Fin. 
This Darfur vid http://www.youtube.com/watch? v=5DcFs4NSDT0&amp;feature=related mks me feel sad&amp;upset, nt 2 mention Human Rights lack   
Gmornin! Sorry 4 bein MIA; still overseas on bizns; 2day is my 1st lite day &amp; planned on gettin sum fun in da sun, but it's rainin 
@RiceBunny ooh I wanna see that!! Unfortunately it's not out in the UK for ages- near the end of the year I think! 
@djbrandigarcia you don't be following nobody,not even Nick  lmao. Its all good, I got the divorce papers on their way to your spot watch.
Sigh its over already  cues was fun though..
if you are unhappy in life in the twitter world this would be know as: tweetless  if you are happy in life you can just: TWEET TWEE ...
has the majority of her stuff out of the apartment. Unfortunately the truck is still dead.. need to move the desk! 
At work. Miserable. Kill me now, before I cry. 
@zoe_jonesss ooh right! im so jealous  i met him at his signing last year and he was so funny :') but i want to see him live!! have fun 
really happy to be home but sad Benny is going to have to stay at the kennel one more night 
@jodiontheweb No fair!!  I have Bruce tonight 
@JaneyThunders they had no otters  but we did watch a seal feeding that was awesome
I am quite upset that the VersaEmerge stickam chat was overtaken by teenies asking Blake and Ant to make them &quot;I &lt;3 _____&quot; signs 
PROM=AMAZING NIGHT can't believe it's all over 
@miss_fliss like he wouldn't even talk to us after the game  holly got half concussed as well it was swell
@Kayteaface why r u depressed? 
@PaulaAbdul I worked..  but I'm leaving for my friends @Canobliss at the OB Street Fair in San Diego in about an hour
Went home for dinner, got ran over by a wheelchair...tons of fun! Now broken and extremely bruised back at work. Wishing I was home! 
Praying my husband feels better soon.  headaches are not fun. Not fun at all.
The beach was too cold today  but volleyball was fun
Is thinking I may need to format PC. Oh joy  
Mainly macro brand stuff on sale-and jurlique!  Not that awesome 
no more getaway plan  so not keen for work. happy birthdayyy @kateske
@Dinowells aw I have already beem in one. I'm really upset I can't go to this 1 bc its gonna be on mtv2 
dang boat died in the middle of the lake! waiting for a tow...at least it's sunny 
My ingrown toenail is seriously aggravated and hurting me right now. I hope I don't have to take a whole day off of work to fix it 
is kind of upset because I can't get my background to change or my picture..... 
@lilyroseallen lalalalala i am bored  do something funny :-D
Aftermath of waiting for Obama at Washington square park. Couldn't see him, even w/ 5dmkii live view   http://twitpic.com/6aqx2
@bracki  won't have the time, again, unfortunately. 
Returned from the Jeopardy audition. Not bad, but not fantastic. We'll see what happens. I broke my pen already 
@selenagomez im ssrryy! thats so not fun 
So i'm in your town, i miss you like crazy and i can't even see you tonight 
@vastateparks Thanks! Still nothin'. They were all over the place, but just not hungry.  Kids had fun anyway!
@MissSarcastic Even though you don't follow me  YOU ROCK!!!! 
doing update stuff, but unfortunately have no time ...  I should learn .. but now, I can't ... I'm tired, I should sleep &amp; wake up early.
I have had a brilliant day, proud of Banahan even if he didn't see much ball... grrr! Was awesome to see Corry and Lewsey bid farewell 
@erykamarie What happened to my Sugar Cookie?  I was all excited 
In a bad mood now  So long awesome mood day 
@allieepjafan still cant get it even at my broters house do you see my pic it says it is there 
why have i been in such a bad mood lately?? this has to end. i dont like being sad....i wish i was happy 
ITS HAPPY HOUR TONIGHT  BABY!!!!!!! IM STILL MAD THE NUGGETS LOST THO  ... BUT A COLD BEER WILL TAKE MY MIND OF THINGS
k it's like fully sunny again  I wish it was still raining  http://twitpic.com/6arbp
funeral sunday....my brain is on the fritz! 
awesome movie! made me cry 
@Dminorseventh Can you imagine a new Lynch TP directed feature film? Save Coop!!! Probably never going to happen though! 
Please shout it if you're nothing without your GPS! Mine's getting fixed  Not late though, 'cos Latinos start late, even weddings, woo!
http://twitpic.com/6ari1 - Evening thunderstorm ... still trying to finish cooking the ribs outside 
like most of the time I'm in two gears.  I have moments of joy and happiness thank God, but right now I feel really blue. 
Too Much fun at The Dance show with everyone ;P Man i miss dancing, it was so much fun being on that stage 
gotta go to bed... studying ALL day tomorrow  wish exams were over, but they haven't even begun!!! Just watched Twilight again, I loved it
@deidrefunk you hate me even more now then??? Stupid new layout making me be hatted 
Drag Me To Hell was fairly interesting. Scared the crap out of me 
@lostgirl66 - I'm thrilled my 4 boys are all really close - so important, I think.  Can't actually remember the last time I saw my sister 
@taylorswift13 Ahahah, lol. Amazing! I want a shirt for my cat too! But first I have to get a cat  ahah. Love you so much Tay?
@mariaalexandra snorkeling sounds awesome!! can I have some more details? time, place, transport, etc? I miss u girls 
@eilidhlive I never even went out in the sun today!!! :O 
@marcszablewski it's all sunny and it's not raining here anymore 
@karissa713 awh, not even to sign in? that sucks. 
I'm not happy that I can't watch communitychannel's videos on my iPod. 
And it's all my bloody fault! I didn't even doubt it, for a second. I was just reaffirming that you wanted to be with me! 
sleep time. hope I don't have any totally unfair dreams again. 
It's a beautiful evening. If only my sweetheart were here to share it with me 
i need my BFF right now  i miss him so much! and i love him even moreee! it's the best man ever. yeeah!
@ofantastic 
@erichalvorsen One of my favourite films, I always get upset when he goes back to the castle. 
is feeling like the most hated chick... This sucks, I don't even try to hurt others or be mean. 
@BUTTERFLYWHEEL  you're not showing up in my timeline. and i cant send you dm's. RU following? i think twitter is being funky this weekend
Pretty upset I won't make it 2 Ben &amp; Jerrys 2day. . That Mango Mango Sorbet n a sugar cone would b hittin right now 
@nwilker it was good, but not amazing. 
Was having a wonderful day till the tooth pain 
Im so frustrated with this theatre and the employees! Why doesnt anyone use common sense? Its like swimming against the current 
bored and annoyed at my hayfever..  bad times..xx
@stevenstiefel damnit, i have comcast 
@beccadearfield im jealous 
@TheRealRoseNoir The show was amazing.  2 hour set.  Was hard not to thrash much hehe.  But didn't mosh. Can't agitate back injury 
@Irrel Anyone whose a sane human being capable of sentient thought would know better. Unfortunately, not everyone over there qualifies. 
and she's not even a year old 
@derouiche Your a loser for not watching it. i shit myself even though it wasn't really scary 
So jealous,all these women have big diamonds on 
@TomFelton ...once again- jealousy rises within me 
@shaunmichaelb wow looks like i missed out a lot....  well, what exactly is so funny...?
@NKOTB well i'm Happy for everyone who gets to see u guys. Guess NC is just screwed. 
@raygank that sucks!  After all that hard work you did and you haven't even had a chance to see the product 
Home, boozed. Fun night. No tb again from n. Gettin worried I may have to stay elsewhere in Glasgow. 
@anna_sims awwww i missed their episonde the other night !  happy bday love!
After 2 years, found out that I have a small storage closet in the laundry room.  Unfortunately, it's not labeled &quot;Dead Hooker Storage.&quot; 
@DrUc1f3r You're funny looking 
@totalgunner yeh and flawless were amazing too. nope  ive had a super boring day, made better only by the greatness of twitter lol
Wishing I were going to The Offspring tonight.  Oh Well. But TBS and Anberlin on Thursday! Awesome!
Moving is tiring!!! My new room= a cave. SO small.  But next year is gonna be fun times!
@FelipaFTWNoSyke http://twitpic.com/6ao2y - I should b there hahaha lol  have fun girlies i knw yall arent cuz i am not there lmao
great. all the attention on the stupid dog. how not fair!! 
Sad cause I'm at work and everyone drinking and have fun w/out me 
I wanna get a black kitty so I can name it Merlot to go with my white dog named Chardonnay but hubs wont let me!    Not fair!
@Emz_Majerus awhh I feel bad for you. You were really excited for that fone.  
@Mattlike No ninjas!.  Not even Pirates. :/
Babysitting drunken little brother - Joy!  How come of all the skills boys lose when they're drunk they can still open more beer???
im trying to get my phnoe to work. Im aggravated with it  its not working right. but other than that im doing absolutely nothing.
can't believe I'm this upset over a cat... miss you, Cass 
@tembrooke oh no! that's so sad  I have a mini doxie. I'm glad you got to see her
@bestieblondie7 i haven't even been able to nap yet  i get really bummed out when i'm overtired
@TRC_Jessica Poor kids.    Hope they get back to normal!  Enjoy the new bed!!!
@jsadland im sad i missed this  hope you guys had fun
@aniqa_x were like they won..so I got happy  I have loads of exams next week 
Stupid Doan's, keeping me from concert  At least the hubby's having fun with NIN!
@seventhcycle: 
@lilmel101 that sux...  I haven't been to a church since my sister got married thankfully..
@SingSusanBoyle I hope so, too!  Sign me up to buy your album!  Awesome talent.  Too bad Britain doesn't have taste.   Susan Boyle
watching &quot;Nature's most amazing events&quot;. It truly is amazing and kinda sad to watch 
@afo LMAO I AM NOT JEWISH but i don't celebrate birthdays as you know  so don't be Offended please
Just left the er with my mom. She had to get stitches in her finger   *~BLESSED~*
It seems that all technology is determined to fuck with me today. Even my iPod is revolting 
The birthday girl was thrilled w/her Spongebob cake. Her smile &amp; 'WOW' makes it so worth it. No pics since I was cutting close 2 deadline 
@TheGforceNY: Hi, not official  Some1 of APG (3rd pensionfund i/t world) told me. They invest 70% green i/t US. Info http://bit.ly/16Rnjh
after snowing for 10mins its now really sunny! my snowman is going to melt 
@KENDRAGRADIO I don't even remember these  Truly drunk. I showered, washed my hair, blow dryed it and don't recall
got back from the gym. wooo, im proud of myself. now i gotta clean my room 
never log onto Facebook at 1am when you're desperate for the bathroom &amp; to sleep, 50 people WILL talk to you 
@stars202 Cars  Bugs life : l Incredibles 
@charelblessed  Ok. I'll respect that...even doe I'm depress now 
@MACTRAKZ We was supposed to have a ladies night BUT I can't even think about goin out right now 
@klimpong It definitely is, unfortunately I need to have cache disabled during dev 
dad came home from the fields with a bitter sweet suprise  a poor baby fawn , we couldnt save her.
honestly didn't expect that reaction. horseplay turned sour? I don't even know 
Somebody PUSH me in the shower even.....I guess I'll wear a wife beater and my abercrombie pants. I hate gay bars 
so proud of my cardnials ima miss the kids soccer officially over 
completed her last workshop @WriteGirlLA!  I love this place! Only times I can stand girls &amp; meet awesome ones. Book is out June 14th! =0
Sometimes I think, why do we have to wake up? For once, I was the lucky one in a mcfly related event  for once. @tommcfly @dougiemcfly
Going to eat with our besties @nick_dawn. Supa fun times...our last night here. 
@Mykale007 i dont even see a picture 
TODAY WAS AMAZING. i won 2 guitars and went on some amazing rides. although my good friend @paintballguy113 had his iphone stolen 
@JessicaKSzohr Susan got booed aswell!  You need to check it out online. Diversity was fantastic!
annoyed at the weather this past week 
@masqueradelife Me too  The problem is, the amazing ones are so hard to find...
Got too excited about craving milk.  curled up on couch
missing out on an amazing bachelorette party isnt quite wqhat i had planned for tonight... 
@JessicaKSzohr Susan got booed aswell  You need to check it out online. Diversity were fantastic!
I can't believe I wont ever see Elora Danan and The Getaway Plan play live ever again!  Arghhh sooo depressed.
Had so much fun at sean's! But spent all day in bed with a migraine, it sucked 
has the most awesome week!! Cancun is amazing!!.. I had so much fun.. I will miss everyone I met there, the beach, and the clubs! 
@akaJosielou sounds fun...i've been working all day  it sux ass!!!!!!!
got burnt today at the pool even with sunblock 
Nooo  She was cute, warm, fun and her lips tasted good. Come back, girl in my dream? *sigh* Back to bed...............
Had an awesome day today. Especially at wwry! Only one more for me in Manchester. 
she's amazingly beautiful. She makes me smile.  And she everything I want. To bad she doesn't know who I am. 
Its funny when people say they'll be there to help if you need them yet when time comes they're not or all they do is complain about it. 
Also the getaway plan were amazing lastnight so much fun!! Great send off 
@HappeeBerri i was jealous that you didn't ask me about your prom dilemmas..  and no i do not have a date yet )
@Linda_045 Overcast.  But still warm. I'm at 2nd Street... lots of people out. It's fun.
i'm so dissapointed with britains got talent, i really wanted aidan, julian or shaun to win  diversity were amazing though!
pushing daisies is on tonight!! yay!! finally!  so sad its going to be gone soon though.  not fairrrrrrrrr  
I'm washing my house. some lovely teenage haterz egged me during blogtv last night, that's the sound i kept hearing 
Sitting out no date  but been put on the spot to join. My pals are awesomeness on directions pro's!
Back in Calif for 1 wk.  Drinking wine - dinner w/ friends tonight.  Too bad it is raining in Mtl   It is so much fun when it is not.
is still looking for someone to enjoy Japan Day with me  it's tomorrow, central park, event ends 4pm!
My tummy's been upset all week...wth is going on 
Chop't salads are overpriced and not even that good  Do foresee a long future for the brand. For me it's back to cafeteria salads...
How am I tired already and I haven't even hit the streets yet!  My friends are right... I am a grandma  #FB
My tummy is upset. 
I know I am privileged and don't work as much as I should. Unfortunately, my current job doesn't need me any more tonight 
@rajskub I KNOW!! I just had three cookies when I totally only meant to have one. I enjoyed the three, but my blood sugars didn't... 
is so happy that there's finally one of the as-yet-unaired &quot;Pushing Daisies&quot; on tonight!   Sad that there are only three left. 
Happy sunday all.. And it's hotter than yesterday.. 
 someone threw out a huge bag of clothes/shoes of mine in the garbage by mistake...so not happy!!! 
sooo glad to be out of the savannah dramas, but oh how i miss you and just you 
@zinedistro would love to but am unfortunately housebound today  too much to catch up on. Is the stall there every week?
@selenagomez that doesn't sound like any fun....it stinks not having your bff around 
Also! Swag bags have, like, Pantene. And we didn't even get one 
im back at the hotel. a beautiful day on a luxurious yacht ALONE depressed me 
It's so hot that I can't sleep  not happy. And now I'm wondering why a tractor is driving around at 2.20 at night? Can't sleep either?
i am finally home and just wen i thought i could relax i realized the amount of assignments i have...what funn 
staying home...i need to get better for the 7th.... it's no fun when you sick 
Watched dance flick ! LOL hilarious ! Made fun of twilight at the end of the movie 
@JessicaKSzohr Piers said he wanted her to win and the crowd booed her...it was rather harsh! 
Awake! Twitter has some problems just now  watching @KrisAllenmusic's videos. Uber funny.
@TheMicSmith Grrr I should be there  have fun!!
Michigan lost ugh!!!!!!!!!!  I'm so upset
why is it so quiet here  yesterday it was NOISY..aawww..i miss all the fun T.T sob*
Went and saw up, but would have enjoyed it more if certain thoughts didn't keep crossing my mind... 
@JessicaKSzohr Well Piers said he wanted her to win after her performance, then the crowd booed. It was rather harsh 
My throat is aching.  i'm still so ready for summer. Today made me want it even more.
@steventrotter  not gonna make it this weekend.  Ordered my mom a new PC and have to go set it up.
I CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT YOUUUUUU, TWITTERRRRRRRR  omfg, funcione bem, pelo amor do bom deus  estou entrando em p'nico j' e e e.. PQP
@chantellerenee so unexpected  are you going to his funeral?
I wish I was out enjoying my weekend 
@rlara59  it's ok u can say it. Burnt ass shit! Nope. I can't even finish it. 
i think people ignore my texts. makes me feel awesome...not. i try to not be annoying, but maybe i am? idk... 
@kpnang It was so fun ate. Too bad you and Ate Queen weren't there. 
man. me n the girls shulda went out. we anit even go bowling.  instead im hme. gettin lazy lol
It's so hot that I can't sleep  not happy. And now I'm wondering why a tractor is driving around at 2.20 at night. Can't sleep either?
just watched mall cop kinda dumb but a little funny. forever and always- taylor swift  u have to know wat the songs about, wat a jerk
@funkyjunky425 thats not funny. 
Excited to watch the first of final three episodes of Pushing Daisies! Still sad, though 
i really hate having bug bite. i have never been biten so bad in my life. they had to give my antibiotices.  not fun and i ich like crazy.
says salbutamol ventolin 1 tab TID for me... (annoyed)  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/xabya
It's so hot that I can't sleep  not happy. And now I'm wondering why a tractor is driving around at 2.20 at night. Can't sleep either?
ughhh now im really upset! 
hungry, but not in the mood for any food in my house + missing my friends having fun in NYC + feeling unfocused &amp; uninspired = sad tapps 
It's 2:30 in tha morning omg what an evenful night not in a good way either 
@splatt_twloha the beginning of the end has come  glad to hear it was good though.
@Bo_Matthews Please tell me someone there has a Spare cause it's not even Halftime &amp; the wheels are loosening up 
Bad storms in the Cincinnati area. Two funnel clouds sighted nearby. One more in Oxford.  Hiding in the basement.
is hangin with molly on the rocks enjoyin some nice vibes. Except I did see some police brutality though  damn pigs!
Back to my desk and books while the rest of the family have fun 
Saw an awesome GK shirt @ the mall.Sadly i didnt get it 
Why is my internet connection so slow tonight?!  I AM OUTRAGED!!!  And hungry!  
@Alow8111  not even a lil' bit?  Pweeeasssee.
@splattt_twloha the beginning of the end has come  glad to hear it was a goodnight though.
hmmm.... I wake up and find that my home file &amp; xen server is not accessible for any reason.  fun, fun fun....
well frick. I just went and got a whole heap of new bks, only to find out my reader is so flat it doesn't even turn on   Damn it!
@haykuro  I hope everything works out for the best. Your releases are awesome.
too many people and children. i'm satisfied for once, though. yay, family paying for food. i miss zack 
I'm tired. long day.  want mac and cheese. orlando winning  made my dad a website http://tinyurl.com/ljpgw3 backend is even cooler trustme
My Nana has passed.  She was surrounded by her family and friends. I love her so much and I'm glad she's at peace.
Stayed with amy lest night and now again 2nite....amazing so it is... well not actually the now cause shes sleeping 
Had a blast at the Dallas Zoo! And enjoying Texas till 2mrow 
wishes she was in St. Louis enjoying the Yanni Voices concert but NOOOOOOO! She has to stay in Jersey 'cause she HAS NO MONEY!!!  
Visited w/Maske'Jacqui, who is movin 2 SuFu on Monday,   we had some laughs..no winyan but me, @Inipi so let the wicasa have one.Grateful!
Just checked balance on Staples &quot;Easy Rebate&quot; card: 0 despite the fact that I never used it. $3-6/mo &quot;service chg&quot; ate up my refund. 
Not happy at all right now, sighh 
In akron not bored but wishing I was in VA celebrating my homeboy's bday with him 
@JoshuaMenendez unfortunately i cant watch 3D movies thanks to chronic migraines 
A beautiful day here; sunny, warm.....gee we need some rain 
ick... i've got itchy 'squito bites from the Schomberg fair. 
@kikijoy i'm sorry!  man you can't even take an innocent peaceful walk anymore  thats horrible
Watching the last Leno  So glad I got to go once!
man their just playin dumb wat the heck is going on  at least the commercials are funny
dance flick: not as great of a movie that you would think...all of the funny parts were in the commercials. 
So, everything on my mac is gone. All my music, movies, and everything awesome. Tonight is dedicated to getting all of it back 
Window shopping sucks even my lil cousins are buying hollister 
twitter keeps making me refresh it. it's not making me happy 
i was sick that whole time twitter was actin ! i even went on myspace  *audience gasps*
@myeverydayhero  That's no fun...
I just ran out of chocolate soymilk  hopefully I  can make up for it with veggie burgers, even though I grabbed the wrong ones 
Went to the gym, fortunately didn't miss too much action in the game.  Clothes still aren't dry!  
@nicksantino me &amp; my best friend, Caitlin were supposed to go!! glad to hear it was good, but not so glad 'cause we weren't there 
wanna donate to the katrina's conference fund: 100 people;$3 each. please =\ LOL. *wah im going crazy.. desperatee modee 
@Meeks619 It unfortunately does not 
Going to a funeral/memorial service. Ugh, I wish we would find a cure for cancer already. 
Man. Not even a 10 minutes drunken phone convo with one of my bmas can make me feel better  sad times man. I love you?
Bout to lay it down! Gotta go back to work in the am...  Wish I could sleep in but oh well... Blessed to have a job! Gnite!
Second bar I've tried has flakey wifi.  Left after happy hour.  Will try to work in the annoying quiet of my home office. I miss EVDO. 
@jordanknight please dont let stupid angry freaks ruin it for those of us that love you 
@Unusual_Peanut OMG I LOVED The Uninvited! That movie was AMAZING! I wanted to buy it today, but the DVD cost too much money. 
Running into old friend @ gas station...glad, but ARGH, I've GOT to hit the road &amp; everybody has demands on my time  feel bad...
2. @awesomeblossom7 beat me at toy story mania, which makes me mad  rawr! 3. i love love love 8O  8O  8O  8O  8O !!
Headaches are NO fun 
Just go home from watchin Marissas 15th dance recital....she did amazing....i'm so sad i won't see her dance again!  Graduation in the am!
not in a happy mood! sometimes life isn't fair 
o nooooo..... my twitter has gone all retarted again... 5th in two days.. *angry face* 
Leah was just screaming for 3 hours nd i got frustrated with her; i feel so guilty now, its not her fault, yet i was frustrated ne way 
Didnt get to c Amely!!!  I am now sad, but happy cuz the magic r winning
#e3 will be awesome! too bad i won't be able to camp by the TV like i wanted though, since i have school. 
ascfvdgh texting @amazingphoebe even though she's @ work 
@ victoria_85 it was so amazing! I know you would have loved it, too bad you're not here 
wishing all the clouds would go away  i want a clear and sunny, but still crisp, winter day
has had an amazing day, other than the knobheads coming into our kitchen and smashing every glass and stealing our cans 
Tatums mom is telling me the unfortunate realities of guys 
Anybody wanna play Shockwave Bowling? Search up &quot;skybowl.dcr&quot; and have FUN! Requires shockwave player tho 
Missing my baby.  Hope she has a fun day today while i'm making our vacation monies.  call me later sweety. Hopefully i'll get rece ...
I'm a little upset at twitter. I made an update on my phone and it didnt post 
@LAURENASHLEY110 had to get out of there LOL srry we didn't get to say bye  have fun working with the princess haha
I got a refund for my Maker Faire ticket 
Brooklyn 1/2Marathon was fun... finish line was Coney Island. Funnel Cake immediately after - tasted good but turned out to be bad idea. 
#RihannaOfficial is gone!!! She was so fun to twit with 
@stinaweena08 thats what I'm doing too....i miss you and Im depressed come over 
Romantic date night canceled  not a fun Saturday.
@Miche77eR i swear this bird is on tranquilizers or something!...images won't load properly and it's lagging on &amp; off...boo 
@aimecharmante  You're not happy here with me?
Wow jus logged in and have seen the fail whail twice already  Other than that, how is everyone this evening?
@Caitlynnnnnnn I would be depressed if I were a California cherry going to Ma 
Awesome dinner celebrating @yoni's bday at Mercer Kitchen with the extended UX gang and significant others - mine 
@dazzystar5 just really annoyed about my car  it's just so unnecessary and inconvenient. did you go see the movie?
@yelyahwilliams hahaha that is awesome! I want my face painted! 
well trying to find a college.....what fun 
@tommcfly so jealous of you right now 
So even tho it was just a preseason game, I hate losing. Our season ended with a L to Detroit and our preseason started with an L to Det 
just got the most awesome massage by my friend Gina, I will surely miss that girl... goodbyes are sad... 
i have severe anxiety right now...severe   this is no good...calm down kq calm down
@harshbar are you okayyy? 
Afraid of sleep and lonely after awful nightmare.  Be proud Pip! G'night &amp; hugs all  I'll be up awhile fighting anxiety watching YouTube.
obviously distraugt, and depressed. So wanted Susan Boyle to win Britains got talent! 
@reverieBR Hahaha!  Fun!  The link didn't work though 
@Teri0542 YES! It's been acting up most of the evening.  Frustrating 
@yelyahwilliams  sad that the Denver meet &amp; greet wasn't as fun 
@GQBugs ur picture not showin up just to let u know  and im happy u agree with me
@Lovinuhurts lol,i am not a wimp,tht thing was extremely hot!!i culdnt even eat the damn thing it was so hot 
@PreppyYankee Twitter is messed up they even screwed up my other account  So follow me here
Ugh, I'm a little frustrated right now. I'm in a strange city. Basically been kicked to the curb. Have no clue what 2 do. Can't get stuff 
So I just balled my eyes out. Keith is an amazing and really sad movie. It's even more sad the second time you watch it... 
Watching Pow Wow Highway with hubby.  Hard to imagine that the rez is really that bad even today.    So glad his mom got out.
What a beautiful day! Hope it's not gonna rain  Perfect time for a delicious donut ^^ . Enjoy your weekend.
Yay, finally got onto twitter ... I haven't been able to log on all evening 
@steffaneelove Haha Kohl's is where I bought this awesome shirt for David once. It was musical! I don't think he ever got it though... 
so proud--just cleaned the hell out of my apartment. it's about the only time my place has been entirely devoid of hell. ooh that was bad 
Watched Enchanted...ummm went in woth low expectations...the movie didn't even meet those 
@davidpenuel you reply to my friend @Danielita89 but not to me u.u i'm jealous u.u  haha
@rtuck Funny.  Duh.  Hehe.  Oh, and I just found out today that I work tomorrow.  Not sure when till...   UberSadFace
got fail whale. spicy tacos upset my stomach so i'm being lazy tonight 
@porkroll31 I'm glad you loved it, sugarplum! &lt;3 SEBSEBSEBSEBSEB. lol. also, he sucks for not remembering.  and LOL at the actress.
@kalebnation http://twitpic.com/6b2ji - So I'm a little upset we met (I was the girl in the Libba Bray line) and I missed your signing. 
haha ill do anything to get out of my assessments, im googling the beachie. im not even 18 for another 5 months 
Argh - even the officials are biased. Hockeytown - bah. 
@mayafish Saw it weeks ago. Good episode, enjoy watching! Shame its been canceled 
@KYMargueritte: I know, I should've known better because I burn really easily but it was fairly overcast.. I'm pretty red. 
evening run thwarted by emily having to go out to see a patient. super bummed.  
Fun evening! Burger &amp; cupcake @ Burger &amp; Cupcakes, followed by a harbor cruise. Too bad I start working on Monday. 
@KiaMorganSmith Kia - I restarted my PC thinking it was me! Guess it's everyone. Glad Twitter changed everything - sure made it better! 
Lots of fun toys today, but they won't let me help pack 
i am so upset right now...I'm still at work and about to die of sickness I've got a horrible fever and my ass shouldn't be here!! 
Posted on Ocean in sobe enjoying a hookah with the girls! Not ready to deal with next week! 
is trying to enjoy his life as a bum!!! hayst... 
It's a day I'm glad I survived... http://bit.ly/Dl8wF  
merlin is a funny show...i have maths exam this week  gay gay gay must studdy gonna fail D:
ate too much  can't even watch food network.
@jtr226 they're playing horribly  I'm upset
@randell182 guess I get to sell game 1, presenting at JavaOne then and may not even get to watch it 
You know your life is fairly pathetic when Saturday night often revolves around watching 'Groomer Has It&quot; on Animal Planet. 
@astrazombie   me and punchy are happy to have had the honor of meeting him
The Randolph kids show was amazing!  P and A were superstars!  (Never a doubt!)  Sad to have to leave 
@izzyfontaine duuude next weekend! I'm so excited! I feel like it's been forever 
@BowleggedQueen i,m soooooo jealous of u right now... I can get fucked up right now but I have to drive cuz my boo or Mimi can't drive 
@thereisaseason it was good (longgg though..)  just the usual old men trying to live their glory days..lol Our team lost   but he had fun.
VIP say wut wut! We are first row! - Too bad I will not be able to enjoy it, I am deathly afraid of 3D  Wish me luck...
Unfortunately my cold hit again during lunch and had to leave early. Spent rest of day in bed with my tissue box 
says headaaache, tired feet! had fun though. do I have work later tonight? lost, lost! WAH  http://plurk.com/p/xal2u
time and didn't even see it coming...the impact registered at .2 g's so that's pretty impressive coming from an animal...ruined my car 
getting frustrated cuz site won't work 
@pudditatso im doing much better! feeling very positive! and You? Hows the wine? im not enjoying any tonite! 
@nicksantino i wish i could have come! unfortunately i had no way to get there 
Moved back to Hamilton  N0t fun~  Got to get back to Toronto soon!!!
@demoine feeling the site redesign. simple. and your web work is so good! jealous 
@d0miiniicano27 F your life. lol I hope your evening gets better. Mine'll be boring as soon as I leave my friend's place.  F my life too.
unfortunately no shoot today, my friend is busy 
Carlos overslept and now the fun is gone. 
Upset i am crusing to the radio i left my ipod at home  i feel naked
@maureenpetron awwww. I thought about that after I got so angry looking for a parking spot for 20 min. Then I got sad 
 lack of sleep and everything = low mood and probably a not so fun night
funnn dayyy!!! ohhhlawdhavemercykellyclarksoneddiemurphyyyy my sides are about to split open &amp;&amp; i'm about to pass to out due to the ITIS 
@krissychau  Jealous... I have to go back to high school to play piano, I haven't played on in AGES.
Trying to get all of my work done so that I can actually enjoy my vacation to CA that I leave for on Tuesday.  Too much to do!!!  
im sooo cold but its sunny outside! 
i hate today! im sad now  i just feel like ill never be happy
This year's biggest upsets: Adam Lambert and Susan Boyle 
Is supposed to be having fun without his woman, but is missing his woman. 
Just lost the game thanks to @katofawesome. 
Not so happy...Thanks Tony 
Is jealous of those at the 100monkeys concert  me and jackson, we belong together.
wow..twitters overloaded! i couldnt even get on! so the auctions over. all i got was 2 bathrooms &amp; swings...8 hours for that!! booo! 
watching my pens lose and watching the cavs lose, what a  fun sat night  
@easterrat Unfortunately, I said he was right.  He was...and I wear my heart on my sleeve!
The Getaway Plan show lastnight was amazing! I'm gonna miss thoseboys  Disappointed that I didn't get to hang out with them @ Trash again.
Upset stomach. This doesn't bode well for a good nights sleep. 
super upset about dave leaving. i became a blubbering mess 
ouchyyy booo  headache! going to beed right now. even when its 7:42 oouuuch
Saturday evening in New York, and I'm working in the lobby of the Sheraton. I should probably face facts: I'm a workaholic 
@Lailashah awwwww GLAD SUN BUN HAD A HAPPY BDAY !!! I MISS BROOKLYN I THINK THATS WHY IM SAD RIGHT NOW  LOL
had fun tonight.. but it sucks that it had to end cause I have to work in the am 
recap of today:  DMV = success! breakfast=delicious! TWITTER=suspended!  baby shower=wonderful! new apt key=EPIC FAIL=$189 LOCKSMITH
Darn it! Capped for 2 Days and the new Karnivool album is being streamed online  Not Happy JAN!
Something about the Stanley Cup finals....but seeing Billy Guerin...I'm happy for him but it's sad at the same time 
my twitter app didn't work all day  ... was out winetasting and found an amazing Sparkling Moscato
awesome game.  I need to buy some domain names but have no money  hopefully soon
Pretty upset right now because the Pens lost  It's all good though. We'll win all of the rest!
@khatruman To be fair, I haven't done a Rita's run, either. Falling asleep here. Have to go to sleep now. 
glad to see pittsburgh got the shit kicked out of them in game 1. 3 MORE TO GO! ugh i cant believe im rooting for detroit 
~ @twitter to me this evening, &quot;not tonight honey, i have a head-ache.&quot; 
@newsvibe Unfortunately SA beat Fiji in the women's netball final last night. 
@iamvictorious Yes, I've attended BEA five times.  Couldn't go last year because I was 8 months pregnant, and also missed this time. 
is back in Tucson now.  had an awesome time at the Game even though Atlanta lost  gonna chill and see what else were gonna do this evening
@TDLQ @pinkcutie91  unfortunately it is   i'm looking for a better job....i need more money and less stress
Alright alright, @AMomTwoBoys...I'll go wash my hair. Sorry I ruined your life all evening 
booo, not a great day for my teams,  sooo upset right now, but tomorrow is a brighter day, and hopefully Penguins are gonna show up =]
@teamtraveller yeah recently I have been a fair weather rider but my problem these days is work forces me to rode way early or way late 
Happy birthday brittany! I remembered when I turned 18! Now I'm old 
@clinton_o aww that sucks  I haven't really had time off on a weekend in... Weeks. So excited about it!
@DavidBlue unfortunately &quot;UP&quot; is not being released in OZ until September   will put it on the list for later in the year thought!
@Olivia077 aw  stopcryingstopcrying. Haha play some electric avenue by eddy grant...happy music 
Sorry assignment, you are not as fun as sleuth. And stomach, you are not cool at all. 
ahh, stop...you shouldn't.  but i'm very curious ~ even tho i'm not that excited for my birthday 
I love you, 377 Central Ave. I do NOT love the stupid tings that say they are a red light even though cars still come, though. Scary! 
@SongzYuuup -dead- @ that retweet. Maaad funny. Guess they gotta give Dwight a puppet now. 
i'm starting to realize summer is not going to be as fun when you're not surrounded by friends who also have nothing better to do.  boo
@Eazee they suree did! And they did show up and play, my nuggs didn't unfortunately  but hey! I'm still a fan! ps- GO MAGIC!
Why is it that i've been angry with the person i love the most? 
Had a very eventful night. Struggling slightly, but still okay. Wishing I was better at advertising/pushing an idea 
@MadisonMitchell I am at work on your Birthday  But Happy Birthday! i thought it was yesterday?
wishing @Jonasbrothers would appear on my doorstep   I'm really depressed today for some reason 
My poor puppys skin is irritated 
Losing money to drunk people is always fun 
@pink I'm glad you're doing 2 extra shows in Melb. Just wish I had the money to pay for one. I'm a few bucks short just for one ticket 
I haven't been this disappointed watching a sporting event in a long time. It hurts...     I'll ride with LeBron to the end tho
I don't wanna to even talk about it! I guess i believe in magic   I WILL HUNT U DOWN
is going to visit his totally insane cousins. This should be fun. Minus the fact i'm extremely exhausted.  God help me!
swap meet was fun today, summer time! even though it was gloomy today 
Looks like twitter is getting DoSed.  Funny 
@sablevenus Lol. I don't even bother. Sad times. 
not even a shoutout,  ouuccch guys.
Re-pinging @shoechicky: No sunset tonight  ur dog is awesome !!!!
Not a happy camper! Pulled my groin and hamstring.. dancing. Shit sucks. Hurts worse than when I had knee surgery. 
http://twitpic.com/6b5mu - Alf not happy with LeBron or the Cavs 
Watched Twilight with my family! They actually liked it! It made be happy. I got burnt on the boat today 
Dammit! Got ibuprofen from Target only to discover it's open. The lid wasn't even on it. It wasn't even trying to look closed. Headache 
@isajourney lol  I got 53% gay, which is about right, but the blatant leading questions and overall tone made me angry.
Damn if something amazing doesn't happen now the King will lose 
playing phone tag with pat all day is not fun. 
@hoaxone true... But its a pretty cool spot (no jamaican beef patties unfortunately 
sitting here eating my donuts scratching my head feeling a little disgruntled wondering why @BrianMcnugget un-followed me  maybe I am ...
Ugh. I am SO sunburned from Six Flags  I had fun, but now I can't even move.
@OscarTheCat We are so sad to hear about Oscar  Lots of wonderful anipals who have already crossed the bridge will take good care of him
Excited to see a new ep of Pushing Daisies is on tonight!  I've missed that show!  Still bummed that it was canceled.  
I woke up to a v upset stomach 
@FeistTheRogue Heh, it wasn't so awesome when you get randomly thrown at it without much prep time. And no enchance shammys to watch die. 
@klcthenerd srry u didnt have any fun 
@raaaaaaek o lol, sup you. i will not likely be a #losnotc much longer, but yeah. i hear #lofnotc wasn't even all that this weekend 
@TamekaRaymond I know!!!!! Its over.   glad I didn't put any money on it......
magic vs lakers... I kno my baby @erik_jamaal is happy, but im so not interested in this match up. idk who I will root 4 
@ryee40007 I'm upset because I want some beets. 
Eating a lame box of beautiful chocolates that taste like ass. I'm actually offended. 
@EbonyStarr55 srsly, re: peace. not even godawful hot yet. ths seemed esp. bad 2nite. but noticing an increase in arguing l8ly 
@iamdiddy okay...day three in tha E.R....catchin a cold  i'm not too happy about being here right now!! any words of inspiration???
Busted out the guitar to jam and maybe even write a song and then... Broken string  Game over.
nothin on TV...not even ON DEMAND 
@HeyMcFly13 Nothing much. I've been spending most of my time on positive, fun threads. Still nothing from Kristin at the Funny Farm 
@jordanknight Just passed the dark FL state fairgrounds  Guess I have to get my fix by playing games with you!
aww i feel sick im so depressed right now. y does my life suck? y live it? i make it worse for others and myself. 
@TTGirl NO..... oscar the cat is gone? The world has lost yet another great cat, and awesome tweeter. He will be missed, never forgotten! 
It's not fair, this was supposed to be our year 
@faSHAYnista I'm so angry I'm just seeing this. I was sleep 
N Right now i'm in party mood!!  WHOO HOO...too bad there are no parties going on   Oh well I'll have my own party! It will b AMAZING
Ok, Im a GOOD sport!! Fair is fair! The Magic played very well indeed, congrats D Howard ... Very nice... Next time Cavs! 
so does this mean nomore lebron and kobe commercials..ima miss those they were funny 
Help Angry Barry dominate world! http://is.gd/Kkw2 Advance levels? Kill people &amp; collect their acorns! Not 57 levels tho...  #p2 #tcot
@tommcfly Rio is amazing, isn't it? I just love watching (?) the ocean.., oh, one week since i saw you, guys. i already miss ya 
Watched the mets lose today in person, got a sunburn and now watching a crappy movie. Not a fun Saturday so far 
morning again and lot to study xam 2mrw  something related to neural networks. hv to find out wat tat is
@yagirldwoods  i havent gotten a reply from you in a long time i need you to be at another event cause i want another pic lol
I bet that now since I'm on nothing awesome will happen 
ugh still have the cold . . . .   at least its sunny outside. missin the beach . . . .
sheesh, i hate it when twitters down when i'm up late. i have brilliant tweets to share and they won't go through. 
@CTJL Happy belated birthday BFF!  I'm soory I didn't know when it was, kady told me it was the 28th today  ps don't be heart broken
@ty_ty Ah crap  those are usually fun
So upset the cavs lost 
Finished up afternoon @ LACMA artwalk. Enjoyin Brazilian 4 dinner. Debating on David Lynch or Tim Roth.Autolux receptions. No time 4 both 
I wouldve really enjoyed seeing Lakers vs Cavs in the finals but I'll live 
@CaressLepore I'll be cheering for them too! Unfortunately  
Glad I was not a witness  #cavs
@victoria_85 It was amazing! It's really too bad you're not here to see it  I know you would have loved it.
@uptownprincemal Happy now? 
enjoying the grounded life... sleeping until forever. One more recital  
@TheChristinaKim dang...I hope it heals soon! I had to do the same thing when I jammed my finger in my car door...not fun at all 
OK, Since no-one wants to see my paintings I won't be posting them again unless requested to do so . There , happy now are we ? 
cleveland fans never give up hope but always end up bein let down in the end  im not even gunna watch the finals now haha idc
lebron was on drugs... thats my only rationale... 
@reason70630 Hater. My baby is going home early  But no worries, by other Baby is going ALL the way! Kobe in '09
@pronouncedyou  Messenger isn't even open on my computer.... will AV scan tonight.
@Webstermd enough with your happy goodtimes posts. Not only do I miss you, you're making me realize how much being here sucks. Come home 
Amazing reception!! Too bad about the Cavs 
I just heard the news that the Cavs lost  MAN that is unfortunate. Haha I had such high hopes.
@haykuro: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! Cmon man. You're like my hero. How else am I supposed to get such awesome builds 
@antsmarching how's he going to show up Vegas in fenway  this makes me more upset than last night...or darien. Ugh.
@SCRILLABOBBYO don't laugh! thats not right, they need to TAKE them off damn it!   LOL &amp; yea i see you PROUD of you  your not a retard
today in nba didint happen amazing for clevland so sad 
Intense family conversations are always fun 
just got home from seeing UP..for sucha little kids movie it was really sad  but funny too!!
I'm HOME ALONE..  Sunset Graduation was fun, then we hitted up Bistro B. and i for my got my Thai Tapioca Tea 
....that was an epic failure. so depressed.  but congrats are in order for @dwighthoward
@pgreenbe in a drive 2 increase efficiency the human, individual touch might get replaced w/ template responses even on twitter  #scrm
At the fair with @hellooitsrachel sad because @jaaiho couldnt come 
I think the bf is annoyed with me 
is packing to go home tomorrow! goodbye sunny california! 
Now I'm borred and can't find a funny movie to watch 
@KAT3RS oh goodness I'm glad that you're okay 
Lying in my bed. I'm so upset I'm stillno driving and I dnt have my new phone 
@simoncurtis its not even stupid funny??? 
funn day. really tired, going to bed. homework day tomorrow 
idk why people choose to have more than one kid. this experience is NOT fun. morning sickness my ass! it's all day sickness! 
just talked to my peeps in OH ... uuuupset 
@CorkyIsCrazy yea, it's a little sad  and I can't even find some people on myspace anymore. no, but i have SAT &gt;&lt; oh, a lots been up. PM?
I hate when I feel this! Please GOD help me! Mood: Depressed 
SO tired. while i'm excited for @thethermals tonight, i'm pooped. 
Had fun at the graduation ceremony... I'm gonna miss everyone I know...   CLASS OF '09!!!!!!
That was my 5,000th tweet!! No confetti   I'm excited but this just might mean that I Twitter WAY too much! LoL
feeling sad and irritated cause i can't be with my friends right now 
Done with Maker Faire. My feet hurt.  Went for last second food run and got 2-for-1 knishes and FREE chicken strips! Yum! Om nom nom nom.
@kirstiealley glad to here you reached your goal. Money is really tight, wondering what activities to cut for summer with kids 
oh no, @slouisem you are the amazing one! miss our chats  but still so happy we'll be close for EVER!
I'm sorry.   i really can't eat oatmeal.  Even if it's chocolate flavored.
recitals over  depressed shake your tamborine&lt;3
Not as fun as it couldve been at church  valerie wasn't here!
Hanging out with @Humetewow and her grandparents makes me miss my grandma and papa more than usual...  But it was FUN
@coolcrushicekla went from zero to infuriated in no time flat. also, he says words that hurt my ears. 
Having an awesome day in sunny Melbourne! Why do you always enjoy a place the most when you're about to leave?! 
is tired of this.. I miss being happy 
Seriously I don't even know where I am right now  lots of fun drinking and shots with @Kerry_Beth.
I am watching wipeout.. It's funny, but not as funny as last year..  
@LadyLogan God Im sooo jealous!!!!  I going out for work and you are watching/touching Dane!!! LOL 
Fun girl group wanted me to come out tonight.  Really want to, but am exhausted from packing my house and still have tons to do. 
@dennymayo I understand your bitterness, well not really.  Nothing can be worse than being a Lions  fan like me 
@gargladdy but it has WOW on it! 
Twitter? I've been texting the wrong number lately Haha. Hmm semi excited for the dance now that i have everything minus shoes 
Wishes I can go to the FP Party!!  stuck at work. Have fun guys.
I'm enjoying some of twining's finest peppermint tea before bed. Just opened my 2nd to last box of it  still have sainsburys earl grey tho
@tommcfly: LUCKY!!! I wish i was there... I  dont even know what the ocean looks like... Only in the movies.  ill see the ocean someda ...
man tonight was fun. I wish it wouldn't have ended though 
had a great time at canobie lake with laura...so happy to sleep. but sad tomorrow is my last day of freedom before work 
@kclark1007 samesies, but i'm too sleepy to watch. quite upsetting 
@staydaydreaming I'm upset I lost the album 
Annoyed. Today sucks.. 
i wanted a mushroom tamal. i got a green tamal instead  i was so upset
so i couldnt even get wat i wanted i was so mad cuz my coup expires 2morro so i left and got stufd crust digorno style lol 
I am frustrated  going to bed angry is never a good idea.
has no life tonight, doing my incredible amount of laundry and painting my toes. (has a bit too much on the mind anyways).. 
just enjoying some mango rum and diet dr pepper....all we have in the fridge is cooked wine only suitable for cooking not drinking 
Aww c'mon Twitter! Lift your game! http://status.twitter.com says you fixed it and site is back - but still no API joy 
@kaileycost But look at the Cosmo's name...you know how funny I'd think that was if I were there. I miss Boathouse, you, &amp; @katiefuhrman 
excited that my sister is spending the night at home. and a little sad because Sadie has thrown up 2 times... poor puppy 
I don't feel good and I'm sad.  moar sleeeeep. Even though I've been sleeping since noon.
had too much fun with Apples to Apples. So much, in fact, that he dropped his bracelet somewhere. 
@loserified So I can't even brag? 
hating schedule clashes right now. Free music event workshops and concert on same day as important HSC agriculture vid conference. GIRR! 
trying to be happy..after I put my dog down....    
@sarking I like the woman at the helm even better! Make love, not wank, Trekkies. 
too exhausted to function and cannot wait for all of this to be over 
Love my Ladies! We are having so much fun and haven't even gone to the club yet. Limo is almost here, can't wait! Miss my Jenn though 
@kevthuhu No, no, my boy. 405 is not enough to be happy. In fact, according to Twitter you are Unhappy.   Don't be sad!
annoyed that i cant go to sway sway.   poop
Excited for warped tour but sad I only have 3 weeks left of normalcy with friends and my lover 
Going to drive-in canceled due to rain.No Star Trek for me tonight   Watched Brother's Grimm movie.Enjoyable but dark.
@Roca_fella07 It isn't. I think imma be sick  I feel it coming... But u enjoy your birthday. Lets hope I can stay cute at the club lol.
Twitter homepage is really funny still. Have no idea what's going on. Makes it very hard to use. 
rent was amazinggg! and I met anthony rapp. but not adam pascal 
Lebron who? Such an AWESOME night! Superman Vs Black Mamba thusday night! Now I don't know who to root for! I like them both! 
So upset AT&amp;T just came out with a new Nokia Smartphone. I KNEW I should have waited, I like my phone, but I am a Nokia user by heart! 
@DWiley224 is this even possible!?? This is horrible, unacceptable.. Just wrong!! 
@corney  Though, I'm slightly worried that you were so offended by the insinuation that you worked in PR... 
a lil' upset...my tweetDeck wont open 
@EmperorHyperion It would even be better if they just tasted like...medicine 
Wow. Just lost tens to aj and aq to kk. Down to 3k. What a fun 30 mins 
I so bored.....cant wait for October I am going to have an awesome time!!  Not only am I bored I cant go to sleep 
he called his mom very upset 
Wishing the Hurricanes would have won tonight   and Grateful that Gaby rigged the pond with a screen so no more Koi will jump out
@andrewhuntre Just looked up The Industry. Looks funny, clever. One review likened it to The Newsroom which I loved! Discontinued tho 
@claairelykins lmao mine is like not even formal at all. haha btw we arent going to match at all  im wearing greeen haha
Can't upload pics of tonight's ultra-cute dog visitor from phone.  Unhappy AT&amp;T network.
@levalley Well that's why I'm going for the other team not to fund of Kobe 
I am not with anyone, even turned down someone today. That sucks that you're going to take those  And that you think I don't care.
ahh! It's like 20(?) hours till MT O's but i still feel so unprepared. Byebye $40 or so  sheesh,shouldn't even have paid fr th paper.
@paulo_one Me too. Unfortunately, I left those aviators in a party store in Washington. 
A fungus ball is sitting on this page... and it EXPLODES!. You get confused and drop 91 Neopoints  - Thanks neopets.
Ugh so disgusted really thought the Cavs woulda been the come back kids  I'm not a hater so congrats to the Magic on a good game
Movie night was lame. The movie was awesome (the worst movie ever, but HILARIOUS), but everyone went left early 
Working on episode 79 and depressed today. Not a good one for me. 
mmm... to tired to have fun tonight   I thing I gonna go to my bed...nite everyone peace
Even greater! Now im starving sad and being pushed around ! 
Awww dammit!  I totally forgot!  Terry, Oshidori, Adam, have some fun for me!  I forgot about the housewarming 
@dollparts666    eh! hate life, they might! possibly  ps dote informed me of your birthday. so happy birthday for the other day! ;)
@TheFireTonight That is awesome! I just recently decided to move to Australia in August, so I unfortunately will not be here 
@raebeezy haha not even. Hella pulled that shit &amp; played the warm ups. I miss band. 
By the way, snipe me &amp; you will be blocked ! I have a right to be here &amp; say what I wish to say, good, bad or indifferent so there. 
@BrathAttack And you didn't even invite me. 
Can not believe it's 12 am and i'm still awake maybe its cuz of my upset tummy 
@Tripzy yea they did  101-91 .. fckin magic.. thats all i'm going to say.. cause i just finish calming down!
Sore throat, can't talk, last night was amazing minus not getting to talk too matt  English assignment, all day... Devo.
http://twitpic.com/6b9zh - Here's to hoping that this is my last day in bed. Herniated discs are not fun 
@RattieLovers Poor Stitch   But, he has a good home now &amp; he will be loved &amp; happy!
After.a day in the sun, a night in the office does not sound fun at all 
@SwtNeat Hey Nita. I know you're glad your DW made it to the finals. I feel bad for Lebron and the crew. 
exhausted. don't even want to start thinking about my art history midterm...but it's on monday 
I love all of my friends. Even though i never really get to see them 
@fairleighbored just 3 more episodes  then its done
@MaximRouiller problem is that most exciting features was not shown: relative assertions, events testing and snippets 
@Marvalus   And that's all I will say. And I didn't even watch the game. I went to see BlackStar and ENJOYED it.
@chelcimac just left  we had fun though!
It's almost the weekend for me. Even though I'm coming in on one of my days off 
is sad that there are no more puppet commercials!  But as long as Kobe doesnt win, I'm happy! 
@AlohaArleen Hi glad you're back ! I'm having an isolated week-end by the look of things 
Cavs lost  I'm really upset. I'm going to bed.
just got home from the partyyy funn day!! now going to bed dont really feel like myself!! 
I sad I didn't get to go to the maker faire today. My plan to nap and then go got thwarted by neighbors building stairs next to my window 
@BruceDangle While gloating will be fun, i don't really wanna leave, i'll miss you Vegas 
Just wrapped for the evening on air and now to spend the time editing- I may just have to go crash early, I am beyond exhausted today 
Aw i missed eleven eleven 
Fun day! Should have used sunscreen D: ah. Skin is on FIRE. Miss my boyfran.  but still can love life 
Ok I miss him...  I'm having fun but can't get him outta my head I hope he's doing ok at work. Ugh damn heart y do we have one??
@TheRealClintonM if it stops again, ima b a lil depressed  im so addicted to this lol
is depressed. So many turnovers  #hawthorn #afl
@fairleighbored i don't have that  everyone does but me. XD
had a ok day. but even a better nite. upset bcuz my boo is starvin 
I am so shaken up!! Got smacked in the face by gay bashers!!!  not a happy bunny!!
i had an awesome time with todd at the zoo and at his house today. wishing i could spend all night with him. 
@FansOfDavidCook I am sooooooooooooooo jealous! My job just gets in the way! 
@quirks get better! quick! you should be 20, not 102.  at least you're at home. happy/sad birthday!
@skitchbeatz Most of my tweets in the last week have been bball related &amp; my sleep sched is messed up bc of it 
@spicebean I think that come with getting older. I've had that &quot;threshold&quot; for at least seven years now. 
It sucks that you can go from SOOOO HAPPY to not really happy at all so easily 
Twitter is not sending me my twitter text right Ahh and then I don't even get them all  WTF! Twitter needs an upgrade &amp; its not my iberry 
@youwontknow nah I haven't got that desperate yet 
I am sooo frustrated with twitter right now! my pretty icon won't show up!!! 
Whiskey shots with the roomies then heading to a party on Congress. My phone exists no more, so don't even try 
nothing satisfied my munchies, and now my tummy hurts 
the cavs lost. too depressed to go out 
Watching some more desperate housewives. So far behind. Ugh. 
Overslept on nap... now can't go back to sleep eventhough I'm exhausted. 
What an eventful night. Lots of crying  and laughing...hah toilet rockets!
our small group turned into a huge group somehow and now there's not even enough room for the original group 
@CollectedThread I'm sad we couldn't stop by there!! we ran out of time 
KristaLea GOOD FOR YOU! Because that is ALWAYS my thought... even if it has been proven tonight. 
@cynicalvillain I wish! You didn't give me my drink though! 
great i wasnt watchin my account and overdrew the account shoot gotta transfer funds lol 
@pbfundamental  I used to go with some friends who were affiliated with the bowl - our car was first in and first out.  Never happen gain 
@mileycyrus aw pls don't cry miley  I love u soooo much and the ppl being mean 2 u weren't true fans but I am n I just want u 2 be happy.
@pbfundamental I used to go with some friends who were affiliated with the bowl - our car was first in and first out. Never happen again 
@madfabriholic @elizweiland @alibee - sorry to get everyone excited - but at least we have 2 more! Why won't they bring it back? 
@tdball Ditto!  Share any effective conversion techniques and I'll do the same.  Tough battle so far.  &quot;Just eat well balanced&quot; ~ grains 
@PetiteLove Dang boo! well it's my last weekend at home, so I'm trying to enjoy it with my guys! 
@JBandMiley123 I know  I'm so sick and tired of all the drama. Why can't every one just be happy?
so happy, but so sad ....  / 
I have being out of work.  And I missed the volunteer fair today thanks to a migraine. 
@mitchelmusso ooh! the 5th sounds like fun!!! don't know ifni can make it tho. my mom hates driving from Laguna to LA.  
@_theebombshell that movie got a tear outta me yo i cant even front..lol...i love my mommy..missin her now sum serious 
Fun game! We lost, though.  Time to head to the High Desert.
@mszjoycii jelous! we dont have hot topic here yet  i bought something once from the online store but its cost $40 just to send it here 
I don't feel very well.  Going night-night. Love you, friends! Be happy.
any cheerful person want to volunteer to greet in my place @mosaic tomorrow a.m.??  I am sick sick sick 
@Kimmymiklos Yea I was waiting on you to say somethin about that. Unfortunately I was too busy to attend the concert 
@winequester Good thing you got to enjoy it while it's still open. 
Just got asked to fill in a survey on swine flu. Unfortunately not local so the guy didn't want me to fill in 
Frustrated already with download speeds on 256kbps connection... 
Proud of my little man. He started jumping in the pool by himself today. Hes getting so big 
Another great ride down to Mt Martha in the fog was pretty cold but sunny and clear away from the bay. Shame I am so not in shape 
@FrankRamblings All I did was fail at recording a podcast and read very little.  But the biggest event of the century was born.
So upset I can't make it to the softball game at noon bc of a stupid info 410 project 
Sssoooo not happy 
Great day at the Hennings. Hard work, amazing food, great company. The only problem, i have bug bites all over my ankles. 
@mileycyrus aww i feel like crying to. and YES im upset  by love
@mileycyrus i hope you feel better soon  youre amazing, dont forget that!
is so so frustrated that i can't go to Maddie's party  it sounds like a blast.
@fentonslee oh man, I'm so sorry about that  that is scary. But so glad you're doing better!
is back in Cebu... i didnt even catch my mom in Manila.  http://plurk.com/p/xb9my
@gingerandhoney i would not have been much fun - excess of snot + tiredness + frustrating coworker sent me home for miso, and then bed. 
Might bake some spicy banana loaf to take this evening... so worth the baking aroma.  Oh wait, no eggs! 
Ugh iu justthre up  I hate thispart right now yiugh I am so glad 2 b hown I fucking hate throweng iup 
just got back from safari-- guys are just a disappointment-- im so upset-- i felt like crying. 
@Popcorn78 haha you should be lol it was fun BUT we lost 
Just finished watching Brides Wars. So funny. Good nite. So hot man wat happen to my ac 
@mileycyrus  feel better Miley. You are an amazing girl!
slightly depressed about the Cavs loss tonight - but - this too shall pass 
Im so tired, and I have a big headache  But Im happy cause I went to Bruno's birthday and that was so great  good night
I just finished reading Dead Zone a couple days ago and Cujo today. Both amazing but SO SAD!  
If only  Walt and Michael's story had a happy ending  http://bit.ly/15RpBE
phone funked again. Some keys close browser  
report writing again... ah such a fun afternoon 
Oh, Charlie Charlie Charlie... another unhappy ending  http://bit.ly/exQUi
may have a play date tomorrow hehehe :-D hope you all are having fun and i still don't know what's going on with mars 
really angry at myself sometimes... 
@brittneygirl  mrow mrow!! Life is hard man. No fun. Soon I shall be back and we will pretend we're the YaYa Sisterhood.
@Loribot VG tourney kicked my ass. i am so so so tired. and i didn't even play a round. 
watchin COMING 2 AMERICA..this ol ass movie..lol its funny tho!! I guess i can get away from HELL 1 day!! Hopefully 
I'm all stuffed up  But I'm so proud of @thebenjammin and am excited to see him this coming week!
Oh what! Cronulla food and wine fair was cancelled 
@rawwrzoee im jealous.  your seeing all the movies i wanna see!!!
is jealous of Desi seeinf fireworks. 
@KateMillerEvent ah man... I am having brunch with michelle who is leaving tomorrow  happy early birthday and eating!!!!
@MsTeagan He's getting revenge for your trivial pursuit win. 
@theRaychul I'm just having fun.  Don't hate me.  
Is upset my picture will NOT work! 
@austinsaylor Yeah it is unfortunately  Thanks though!
Have to miss The Shack study in the morning &amp; may even have to miss church. 
Watching the discovery channel and it's making me jealous. Most amazing places that I doubt I'll ever get to see. 
why is my name dialated diatom ?  that's not amazing
I feel funny! Ugh cant get this person outta my head!  ?(Show Him Wat I Got)?
Up watching the Sex and the City movie - finally!!! (I'm a combination of  Carrie and Charlotte.) And I'm now missing NYC even more! 
CNT BELive DONNiE CAM &amp;+ ii MiSSED hiM  OH WELL NEXT TiME! MAD HAPPY ! THNXx TO JULiUS 
@musicsinmyveins Twitter is very slow...i couldnt even get on earlier  too many tweeters :O
aww the movie just finished   ... it was pretty funny!
Today: My bank told me I have fraud charges on my acct. All $ is gone. Zero balance, my card had to be closed. Annoyed comes to mind. 
I need a life outside of work... how awful is it that I'm doing work related stuff on a Saturday night? 
@SynGamer  They're awesome! And I think they're hot. Prefer what Lip Service has to offer, but they're so asspensive! 
Don't think about jenn, don't think about jenn, don't think about jenn. Can't even do it. 
I'm still angry at PARRA. Why do they always seem to disappoint me when i least expect it? 
@avivaklein AVIVAAA!!! I looked for you you all night, didnt get to see you  happy belated !! mwaaaaaaaah...
@MsBrennon Aw man that sucks  i am sorry. Hopefully next year you will get it. if your going back. I will even have a little bit extra
http://twitpic.com/6bcgq - I had an amazing day with this people today...I'm gonna miss you so much this 2 months  BFF's 4 Ever lol
@ColbyNewman ew.  Don't even look old enough to shave kid.  
@KurtisMorrison I'll survive, but it certainly is an unfortunate matter. I was going to watch a HP marathon, then see it. And dress up. 
I'm having an awesome weekend  But my Vid for endushunger won't load to send...even my STudio Suite is being weird 
I wish I had @bellanicola and @Danielita89's aims so I could join the fun 
Today is amazing! I wish i could stay longer 
studying for exams, not fun! pretty bored at the moment 
Im depressed &amp; its rly pathetic why 
@LaurenIrwin i don't know what you're talking about...   what's all funny, and which is your favorite?
Tonight was fun, mom comes home tomorrow afternoon which means back to a stricter groundation  niiiiiiiight&lt;3
@Brightbulb1029 Lmao...I aint even there but I'm shitty cuz Cori was supposed 2 come up n see me! The storm fucked me over! Lmao 
@iammatthew sorry bud  I'm in Duvall eatin awesome burritos...
im missing her more and mooore.  -Today was hella fun. Guard thing, rolling down them hills, pictures, and more. Best believe.
is in Alhambra, waiting to go home. No fun/good times tonight 
http://twitpic.com/6bcja  I made this portrait tonight instead of going out and having fun.  And now I'm not sure if I even like it much 
@miss_hazy Bahaha travel insurance. That's awesome. Poor Robin needs to get better 
Now, I feel bad. I dont get angry with people,  I do that only with close friends. I know, some people hate me for that. 
My mom doesn't even act like she gives a shit about me 
My roommate may be working the Scott Pilgrim wrap party (if he's not lying) and I'm impossibly jealous ... And sad for me ... 
fuck famous except jonas (a) why they dont say happybirthday to me ? 
@MikeyPod unfortunately not dancing. Working 
Today was pretty fun! Still sad though 
how can it be that my own 2 long time bffs dont want to be mine anymore and still get the girl/guy? its not fair 
Home, and thinking which unfortunately was the thing I didn't want to do the most!!! 
Ow!! I just rammed my funny bone going down the stairs, losy my breath almost cried. Pain!! Lots and lots of it 
Ivy! Where are you!?  the band was amazing tho.
@HeatherEssian yay for a nice cabin. Boo for sunburn.  happy to hear u r with your sweetie relaxing this weekend! Xo
Kazaam 2 might not be coming out after all. Not even a DVD release. 
@weirdturnedpro i am indeed! enjoying my final day of freedom before *sniff* work tomorrow.  lunch? 
@awesomeful I haven't had ice cream in like 4 months b/c I'm so poor  #ontd
@ragingquiet26 Hey darling! Haven't heard from you in foreverrrr. *clings* It's AWESOME. I has not enough time for it though. 
Awesome show tonight. Were trying to find FOOD but no luck so far  my tummys grumbling!
@MissKeila downtown is a crazy fun mess!  I wish u would have come out. 
@sekotsnhoj did you have fun at the show??  i wish i could have gone! 
@EstelleDarlings so jealous.... i missed it bc of work 
is not excited for school.  http://plurk.com/p/xbdzc
@jordans1grl Wish we had a fan meet down here in LA...maybe there is one and I just don't know.  Have fun!!
Had fun in Philly!  So tired now.  Maybe I'll get some sleep or wait for a late night phone call, which I don't think I'll be getting 
@DJ_B_EAZY - thanks - I pulled it right outta my a** - I don't have anymore cuz Lebron is my King for life - so, I'm too depressed 4 more 
@Meryl333 Haven't heard from you forever!   So glad to hear from you now, though!  How are you?!
WAS very upset over united lost on the final 
 baby girl's so upset.....i'm not where i need to be with my sewing... and it's almost 10pm and i'm finally eating a little dinner..sigh..
@haversian nooooo!  but it's ok. Were having all the fun here and I got to see an old friend!
@sunnydeefan3 yeah but not unntil 8am and I've been up since 8am Sat w/ only a 2hr nap 
2nite woz fun aint got no where 2 sleep doe da couch n my bed hav been claimed 
@Fairy73 haha i hate that i am sooo attached to my laptop too!  its kinda sad!! oh college students
I &lt;3 Patricia, even though she's mad at me.  Hope you feel better darlin........... 
Picked up a fun, crazy homeless man hitch-iking who blessed us &amp; our car. Came home to find beer was spoiled from sitting in the sun. 
Missing the greenery of bukit timah...  why are there so few trees in my estate to block the harsh rays of the sun?
Almost forgot. Newborough beach was fantastic but it's left me sunburnt on my feet, hands and neck + a healthy glow in my cheeks.  and 
@RSLaughlin Wow! I don't even remember the last time I played &quot;Heads Up, Seven Up&quot;. 
@astridaml first you have coffeeTU and then (possibly) sushiTU... I'm so jealous...  *sniff*
Why is no one else as excited for this movie as I am. Everyone sucks. 
Day 4. Last night  I don't want tonight to end. It's been amazingggg #stayawake
@Ingrid_L I love jazz too!  So good for a lazy Sunday - unfortunately today is not one of those 
@sechegaray I totally agree with that... And the math stuff is even harder for me so some girls are just impossible 
Is it possible to be this depressed..? 
@glitterbubbles would you believe I have a sensitivity to caffeine? I can only drink decaf and even then, that's too much! So sad.  
trying not to stress as one of Matthias supplements is gone ... I don't get paid till next week and my loan is not fully funded yet 
Let me just say that this town is officially depressed now. Glad I'm moving to Orlando! There's always next year Cleveland 
a lil depressed know that im no longer a memory to any of the girls at Family Life Center  *tear*
@forillas they have awesome pizza but they stopped making my favorite salad. 
a lil depressed knowing that im no longer a memory to any of the girls at Family Life Center  *tear*
the graduation was amazing!!! i'm going to miss my friends 
@happy_apples  what happened?!
Seattle weather is too hot. 82 degree inside my place is killing me  I even have all my window open to vent all day...
I can't listen to Evanescence, all that comes to my mind is the amount of fun I've had with my mobile that involved Evanescence 
So pissed and sad the Cavs lost &amp; I didn't even get to watch the game. 
- Even the simplest things seem so complicated. God is taking me through some things... honestly I don't like it yet  Here am I... use me.
@krisalderson wish I could come to your fanevent in August kristen! But I'll be getting ready for my 1st year of college in NC instead. 
@sarahteaa LOL. yess! my bad. i cant spell. im fundraising.. to myself. 
I'm sick and tired, but happy to be home, although I miss everyone that I left 
I keep staying up too late even though I'm exhausted. Stressed out.  
@DeliaCD sounds like fun too bad I missed it 
I got my Twitter pg 2 load, but not long enuff 2 tweet.  Glad I have my FriendFeed &amp; my TwitterBerry! G'Nite... http://ff.im/-3qcWk
@shayna_kandii I can't believe u guys went without me  &quot;auntie why it look like they comin out the screen?&quot; She was sooo excited!
@mkenzzi DUDE, I KNOW. Dad hasn't even yelled at her yet!  Speaking of dad, he's not here. I went out earlier, but Sam's a jerk.
@CelebStylist I know! Isn't it amazing! haha!!! I just got home from downtown. I'm exhausted! Have to bee at work at 7am too 
@mandamilmo enjoy mexico. I'm not enjoying my self diagnosed swine flu 
no kayaking this weekend-people i was going with canceled the trip tomarrow-even though the rivers up. this sux,i want to 4:20 now. 
It'll be sad when we get older and all our friends start dying age-related deaths. 
Friend showed me an awesome game! Too bad I can't save    http://www.minecraft.net
@theravster oh no tmrw is Sunday!  btw I pic-ed bed bug protection product just to quell your fears. There is prevention!
Back home, Kitteh is staying at the vet, should be okay, 2 broken legs/hip, stupid neighbor was speeding and ran over her  DIDNT EVEN STOP
@whoelsecanitbe yikes.  at not seeing lebron anymore. he is amazing.
upset because cavaliers didnt make it to the Finals 
Congratulations Mom! &quot;A son is a son till he takes a wife, a daughter is a daughter for the rest of your life!&quot; Lots of fun ahead! 
Awwww I enjoyed myself n had some good drinks @ city island and now sippin on a Patron Margarita back in CT   afta hrs lata?
@tiffunnyfranco awww that's mean! But the hil finale is tomorrow 
Came back from church.... now i have a afternoon hockey game! Hope we win!! lost 3 games in a row. Not Happy 
really wants to be better right now. i get so frustrated being sick  laaaame.
@girlardee I remember trying Burger King's angry Whopper.  Supposed to be really hot.  Never had such a non-spicy food in my life. 
@EmmyATL  rub it in that you met him. did you know he's not even coming here w/ warped? i'm so upset.
Upset that the Pens lost  Tomorrow Win? We won't let Hossa get the Satisfaction will we!?
http://bit.ly/CooZc  I'm a straight male and I enjoy Euro Pop...there...I said it. So ashamed 
finally finished cutting out invitations now I can relax and enjoy what is left of my Sunday afternoon before going back to work tomoz 
@epiphanygirl I hope for a response everytime I tweet you....lol, jealous at @ericisiah because he has gotten one  lol
@nealholyfield ah man, now that I know you have your eye on someone I wont even bother checking it out then  Thats me-crushed.
drea_dear: House update - this is my unhappy face  http://tinyurl.com/kjtnqv
HELLO WORLD!! Vacations are fun but sad when they end. 
In my bed right now, soo tired and got such a bad hangover  but last night was acually amazing !!!!! x
Darn the lottery.  I even used my lucky penny.
@queengilda no I cantt! but it hapapened in my dreamm quite funny but it got v sad when they tried to put it down to capture it 
@KChenoweth Just a shout out: I love Olive, I really miss Pushing Daisy  I'm very happy to hear U will be on Glee.  Go Olive, Go Kristen
heading to bed in a funk.  i hate this feeling.  
 night all i feel funny
Why the heck am I getting all this spam from my gmail? It used to do an awesome job of sorting spam from the good stuff. 
@barelyyjoyous at least you can ask for time off. My job isn't so flexible 
@farre I just checked the DVR...thank goodness it was smart enough to record it without me!    Bittersweet. 
Watching some old school SNL with Chris Farley. He's the best! They can't even keep a straight face...I miss the guy. 
@14eleven Come to Austin and share our rum 
jealousy is the worst feeling 
@JoyYoung dammit I just got this!  U know I been moving all day!  Tired boss!   sleepover 2morrow nite?!
@selenagomez do u noe da release date 4 ur album or ne single yet?? plz respond... im so eager 4 ur album! so sad its pushed back 
wow most of u dont even go on anymore!!! u make an account look up ppl and forget all about this site!! am i the only one left???? 
@oohsoofreshmo How'd it go today? I wasn't even by the tv to watch earlier 
Chris Farrley is truley amazing! It is such a sad loss, I wish he was still with us 
I'm sick...and I feel like I'm dying. Swine Flu Karma. Shouldn't have made fun of it.  #fb
@ddlovato susan boyle lost !!  that's not fair...
please be happy babe  PrinceCharming
@TheEllenShow This guy has a doctorate and is a gun affectionato  I just found him by accident on YouTube.  Strange but amazing.
@DavidRozansky We had a VERY active BBS community here $ yrs. 100s of 'em. Even 1st national relay FIDO-Nets.  AOL killed BBSing.    LOSS!
@WHITEROZEZ so glad you figured it out! your note was addressed to @Sylvie Dog so it didn't come to me. 
frustrated. i need to write. wheres my writing pen! 
Eew...I have a cold. Yuck. A hot chai latte from a Coffee Bean &amp; Tea Leaf sounds amazing right now. Too bad it's across the country. 
Paintballing is fun yet is very paintfull 
@sindorei i'm way more depressed over it than i thought i'd be.  hopefully we can eventually work something else out though. &lt;3
watchin some thing about chris farley..that guy was pretty funny. too bad he had to die 
Just found out some criminals copied my bank card and withdrew 1200 euro from an ATM in Morocco. It's going to be fun to fix that 
Now I think I am depressed 
aww, boohoo! LeBron couldnt even shake Orlando's handdd..he was to busy crying  hahah
@ktjbpa2006 I know  I thought id be able to get meet &amp; greets cause I'm paying the $29.99 for her fc but I guess not! It makes me angryyy
It's been a long night . The show was amazing...and I just noticed the last show is tomorrow  noo! I'm gunna miss you all!
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
@ddlovato Hey Demi..a question you do when you're depressed?I'm depressed and do not do that  Saludos desde Venezuela
@CreativeSoul You are welcome! It's only until June. She's having so much fun and doesn't want to leave.   But good for us viewers!
wow i havnt cried in a long long time, but i cried a lot today. it's funny how people you thought cared about you can hurt you so bad 
@1WineDude I never even learned how to skate, lol. 
@ktjbpa2006 yeah  why pay for m&amp;gs? Its no fun so basically I'm paying for fc for nothing. Laame. Yeah, get there early. Ill do the same
@DatRobbykid Sufjan stevens  and my throat hurts too. 
Already back in Orlando...missing the amazing weather in Boston 
just go donce havin a whole bunch of fun wit C &amp; R... now work 
contemplating my next move. happy orlando won. lakers will have issues. sad about wcws outcomes today. oh n my car died 
Omgggg! DO YOU UNDERSTAND I HAD SOOOOOO MUCH FUN W/ MY SHAWNIE &amp; KALEIYAH BABYYYYY!!!!!! I'm so sad its over for today!!!!!! 
@PaulaAbdul did you even get to see the sunset? It stayed overcast all day in Long Beach area, sun never once came out 
Only works and sleeps. And works and sleeps some more. Can't wait to not be sick anymore. This is miserable  
@asplendidaffair congrats on the grad and so sorry to hear about your mom! Thinking of you and yours 
I haven't started my website yet   I used to enjoy website design, but not anymore.
dying to play text twist but slow internet is making me wait forever!  I don't even know if I'll really be able to play it after it loads 
I'm goin to bed. and no i'm not happy. 
Today was funtastic!! Only one day left though 
Sufan Stevens was going to be on Austin City Limits again tonight and I forgot to record it 
@tehnoir I didn't have your birthday on my calendar of birthdays  many happy returns though!
Right now my mom is on her way to Paris, jealous huh? Im gonna miss her so much 
SiLky when u figure that pic thing out lemme know! &amp; u found u fund u a new whitegirl in WA  
@fairly_biased  I know.....
Cant find my friends  this isnt fun any more
I just watched The Reaping... I thought it's a good movie coz of the title lol... but turns out I was wrong... I didn't even finish it 
just called the lancome boutique where we were supposed to have a facial and unfortunately they are fully booked today 
watched Cillian die twice last night  pretty fookin sad.  its just movies anna! oh yeah, found my black cardi so i am peaceful
@cupcakey88 oh wow, talk about being REALLY late saying happy birthday. Sorry!  Glad your party was fun. My birthday is Thursday.
Just met an amazingly hot cougar !! And she was having issuses with her husband cheating! Talk about temptation!!! 
Leaveing the beach  braking into the funslide?
Twitter 1 of 2: man.. I was jus thinkin about wet n wild n how much fun that place was  I would totally still go if it was still open.
I wanna see the movie &quot;UP&quot; sooo badly  unfortunately, its still on the coming soon movie here in PI. Huhu 
@FUCKCITY i didn't realise it was your birthday, i feel bad now  hope you had an amazing day!! Happy Birthday!!!!!!
lose'n my vioce and i dont even yell let alone talk loud... so upset 
@tommcfly tom!!!!! I alredy miss you in S'o Paulo !! but I'm glad you back tomorrow  !! wish I could see you,take a picture with you 
@OfficialAS lmao haha no i getcha... :/ i'm just...annoyed. Cause its NOT in my room and I put it in my mums and she can't find it.  fuck
@labalicious you went to maker faire? 
40 yr old transmissions eventually die  Fumble in Delano. Who needs to shift into 2nd anyways? Bah!
Ohhhhkaye. I'm not even two blocks away from home and I already miss the girl!  seperation anxiety begins...
Watchin hustle &amp; flow..whoop that trick come on whoop that trick...amazing lol! I wonder where my copy of the soundtrack went 
@3eb_official it was awesome meeting you at the acoustic session too bad i got sick and couldn't make it to the show. 
-welp . just got some salsa and chips ready to eat , got excited ... and it ended up being GROSS  what a night
I'm really sick of trying to present myself as a phony happy friendly person when I really don't feel that way inside 
@DeadTorrent I'm glad you liked TTGL so much. And I'm sorry about your sausagefest in your basement lol. 
@MariahCarey Hi, MCC, if someone criminally sings &amp; murders your songs, especially if it's ABMB, can you sue them? It's not fair to you 
Oh the merciless joys of fighting with the best friend. Neither one of us want to apologize. Thanks pride 
the kermesse today was awesome! I was in the disco about 2 hours dancing and hangin' up w/friends I missed my Mishell  but anyway rock on
@lakers0604 at least you'll be somewhere fun, I'll be in texas 
@twisource omg awesome! although i bet the time difference will be really crap for me 
Just got home, today was so much fun! And I rekkkk of smoke 
Good evening twitter. Jus been diagnosed w/ a head cold. I feel soooooo bad 
@ddlovato aww! im so happy cuz you are happy 8D i have to go  goodnight girll!! you are AMAZING! have a nice night! loveya?
SIC's campus is amazing, but I really just want to be home. 
My mom is such a BUTTHOLE! she's going to bed and isn't letting me watch anymore! Argh! And i'm not even going to be here tomorrow! 
My bff is mad at me and my drinking buddy isnt happy either  boo
Ewwww...the outdoor kitty just came to the back door happy as a clam with a mouse in his mouth.  Boo.  
trying to download movies to my MP4 but it won't work! i'm so frustrated. i've been trying it for more than an hour 
My team is getting absolutely thrashed and my knee is fucked to the point I cant even walk, time to start drinking in the corner 
@tiffunnyfranco I will too!  its not going to be the same without her. Dumb kristen D:
Found out that this new headache med could be causing my bad mood  Which I'm still in unfortunately. Watching Made of Honor with my mom!
welcome to this sunny sunday morning, off to work, where the sun doesn't shine... due to blackout film on the windows  have fun
@lakers0604 I know, I hate texas even more right now 
Had a fun night. Feel like I walked round the whole of Boulder! Sad the Cavs got beaten by the Magic tonight.  #NBA
There is nothing better than going to bed annoyed. 
@ben_grubb Had a fun night. Feel like I walked round the whole of Boulder! Sad the Cavs got beaten by the Magic tonight.  #NBA
@IamDraven I &quot;quit&quot; Seroquel after 2 years but now, even though it's hard, I'm admitting I think I do need it  Melatonin sux!
@lola0813 so when are we gonna hang out?  You're always off doing fabulous things, like that amazing date instead.  
Home.Unappreaciated,misunderstood&amp;annoyed. Tonight was not for me, gonna sleep it off 
@trvsbrkr but u guys made such an awesome cute couple. 
Big day doing errands w/ the kids (we ate while shopping at Costco -$5.86 total for 3!), but missing wife...off at a fundraiser all day 
at work again  i so wish i had a job worth being excited about.
soooo glad to get home. What a night... 
@k0p it's not funny!!!! i am a lobster 
I am soooo upset that the Jenny Lewis show is sold out 
@xsavedgex no really, jj IS that good. and happy birthday, you're hardly old dude. im only a couple of years behind you. heh. blah  lmfao.
Okay. How the hell did the German who has a mother-effing difficult name defeat Novak? Still CAN'T get over it. I'm depressed. 
had soooooo much fun at the Nuggets game last night even though they didn't win 
had fun at Maliya's party. Mad I missed the game though  Heard LeBron took that (L). R.I.P  Muppets, hellooo Dwight baby ;)
@dpburland ahhh man Wilco *sad sigh* RIP Jay Bennett  It was this little Indie band called Blind Pilot, they were fantastic!
leaving sunny Scottsdale tomorrow 
@mattcusson I got a cold.  but I'm glad you got a great photoshoot. When do you get the pics? Do you have them now? We wanna see.
@thechdster no fun with out the gun 
TweetDeck is being weird.  Also, my room is so full of junk I cannot walk. Moving =  (Happy tomorrow, I promise.)
@zorythevirgin my little sis  the bb. And I know right?! Her hair isn't even curly!
@tonfue Uh Oh!!!!! Should I be scared or totally excited????? LOL I am thinking totally excited!!! hey- i just relaized no call today?? 
just got home frm work depressed cuz there's nothing to do 
@awesomejosiah I'm guessing thats why you didn't come by the party today 
officially am not having fun n e more    [$eanyBushk!ll]
ya hopefully eventually but they cost $110  tell nicole i said hey
Prom is amazing. Have to leavein ten minutes though. 
@missaface...anytime. cookin crabs now.lol @li_a..  enjoy the sweets missed ya at wk
@thesachambers it would be great, except with all the airway clearing, my allergies are making me miserable. 
Im sorry your annoyed 
yo guys. feeling sad now.  don't know why but i'm so depressed. do you guys ever get those moments?
You know, even though Indy zoo is really good with the habitats... I still feel sorry for the animals  But I guess they don't mind...
I'm so jealous of everyone who gets to see Up this weekend 
@brenden LOL I know but it's not like I just up and hijacked it, I found your post b/c I thought it was fun way to make #ONTD tweets. 
Motorcycle ride to Hearst Castle manana. So excited, but not looking forward to waking up at 7AM. 
Its raining hard today ... gloomy 
@donttrythis I didn't make it out today   Good to hear you had fun, though!
@CarebearJK Wow...that's amazing. Super pricey. 
Today was sooo fun, unyill something that normally would be good happened. Now I feel sik. 
@itisnthealthy hahahha DONT EVEN STRESS IT!!! I ALMOST BEAT YOU 
is jealous of her friends who get to have interesting vacations....   http://plurk.com/p/xbr35
@lclear08 I like it alot!! but it will never replace mtsu and all the wonderful people i met. I miss you guys  lol
enjoying the unbelievably stunning countryside of PA...although I can't take photos because my camera charger is at grandma's 
@djR3Z I know right...lmao....but hey they were fair. They didn't give them to me. 
@PsychoBeauty lmao yea dats him ; he dnt even talk to me i hit him up &amp; he ignores me  lol
@mileycyrus how do u votee? i tried votingg....did it function? Nopee  like i only voted in one.cause thats the only 1 that let me.
Joey's gone to bed.the house is calm and quiet. I miss Emily. 
I'm sooo disappointed because Susan Boyle lost... even singing for the second time &quot;I dreamed a dream&quot; she still should've won!!! 
Back from the club!!! Ahhhh I had an amazing time. Twerk tomorrow 
At work again! Sunday ,its sunny and im stuck in an office 
@darren_bousman  ok now i guess I better go watch Drag Me To Hell. I still havent even seen Terminator Salvation though 
@piajimenez You stopped replying pa to me!  Hihi! ;)) Steady. Medyo bonding lang with sina Jave. I left rin earlier to go to Jan's eh. ;))
just saw the lion king on broadway. amazing! wish I was a kid again 
Upset that iPhoto doesn't support the Canon T1i RAW format yet... 
@dianesmoore seriously D, i am most upset with the fact that i didn't get to see you. i still feel horrible. 
i have missed Pushing Daisies so much. so depressed that this is 1 of the 3 very last episodes. 
@humplik you went to the roller derby?!  so jealous! I was going to go... 
Sure wish Brandy and Maddie would adjust quicker to basement life. Stupid dogs make for an upsetting night. 
@ddlovato I almost started crying when I watched it. I was soo bummed. I was hoping it would be one of those really happy movies. Haha. 
@owlcity I'm so upset I couldn't make it to the show.  But we were in the same city at the same time tonight. 
@FUCKCITY glad you feel young Im 3 years younger than you, I'll turn 26 this summer and feel old 
@weichiang ah ok. Due to unfortunate circumstances i have to move next weekend.  tell u more on IM tonight.
well obviously you all know that.but im not happy that my followers have gone down! and i dont know who it is to unfollow them back! 
@JoyAndLife I hve heard but andheri is too far 
wish I was spending time with that special sum1...but I guess I'm just not that fortunate...  
Fast and the furious 4 was awesome! But letty died 
@brunojohn Seriously, right?! It's so bittersweet, though - new episode, but it's canceled.  Damn ABC!  (love you ABC, but bad decision!)
@RSBH haven't gone yet but I hear it is a blast! Alas, I'm offline for fun this weekend. 
Late night sushi and reverse happy hour. Q. What more could a barbie ask for? A. Her barbie bff. 
Great lunch with Dave &amp; Rach McG, wonderful people!.. gunna try &amp; rest a little before 6pm service... still gotta do the laundry 
@tevi well it's for mac  which makes it not awesome
@Bloss90 oh, even worse, so cruel to tell me LOL and yes, pretend I shall, due to study and house on market, not much cooking of late 
@mattgood once you watch the latest season you probably won't like it so much anymore.  fortunately 24 and Lost continue to impress.
@sarahward Jealous! I can't access pandora while I'm up here in Canada... 
@Rashadmccants7 I was just wondering why i didn't see anything from u today!  I like ur tweets, they're fun!  too bad about ur iphone! 
Pride &amp; joy cd release party has gone well for the band, not for cocktail waitresses. 
its no fair the day i. hav to baby sit evryone iz having fun 
@sf_gunner they don't even have sol scarves made- next year they say 
Argh - BBC's Moto GP coverage is being presented by Charlie Cox, the bloke that even Top Gear Aus had to drop. Recommendation indeed 
So, I meet an amazing girl tonight. But, and there is always a but, her sister is so drunk that they leave before I can get her number 
@prettylady81 &amp;&amp; yes very much so jealous. my favorite sheets got washed and now i cant find them  cant sleep right on anything else lOl
Blink 182- favorite band. Taking back Sunday, weezer-awesome bands. Irvine. Couldn't have been a more perfect concert for me. Sold out. 
@carael1zabeth im bummed because i found a band called &quot;A Love like Pi&quot; and the math nerd in me got really excited but i didnt like them. 
@mandystevens nooo yuu cant be sicckk  anyways im gnna go watch a movie cuz there is nothing left to do on the computer. and then im gnna
feeling very hurt n disapointed that you ddnt find the shoes n muffins vid funny, bet u wud hav if DANNYsuggested it  oh wel,ur jus dumb
Had a fun day with friends..helped @ a reception for SAI, which went well. Then went about town with Aubrey. Still feeling not so good.. 
AWWW HOT JUST SAW MY CREDITS ON CHAPELLE YEEPEEEE..   Those where happy funny long talent meeting nites! redbull &amp; skateboard
@trvsbrkr    i love the two of you together... but of course its your lives and its none of my business.  I hope you both are happy though
@reprice The fruit smoothie was DELICIOUS! It was peach!. The whiplash hurt  AND I see White Sands on my way to El Paso. Totally related!
@HappySinger Not a fan of the Garden State Dave? 
@JoreanR unfortunately no 
Back home Il Divo concert and it was great. Totally enjoyed it, but they are no Westlife. Miss the lads 
@Tj_pinkgurl  all that doesn't sound too nice. is there any pain or is it just exhaustion? yea-ah! i'm excited =] (via @C00L_BEANS)
@MrsSOsbourne id love 2 go out and enjoy the sunshine, but my 3yr old little girl has chicken pox!  poor little thing is miserable.
@rtsears it's night night time  I'll text you tomorrow!! Enjoy your pastry.
F**K IT... guess ill go to bed... alone...    i miss my baby. i need her to snuggle up against so i can pass out happy. *sigh*  .....night
@sexyaguilar, I bet u guys have the most fun when im not around 
excited about vegas....but i'm getting sick  hope i get better real soon! gonna hit the hay early...zzzz
friday last night was fun.. i miss last night. i miss him  one in a million, never thought it'd happen.
Me &amp; Sam are sad,angry and upset 
At work..couple more hours till I'm happy again.. 
@LoBosworth have fun Lo and happy birthday @frankiedelgado. I'm gonna be sad when The hills is over 
Finished True Blood, so freaking awesome!  For the first time, I'm actually sad that I don't have HBO 
I Am Not Happy That The BBC.CO.UK/Radio1 Listen Online Is Not Working   *Brain Has Picked Out His Next Car 2010 Golf 5Dr HighLine S ...
Smh @ all dese clothes on my bed that I need to hang up =/ I knt even get comfy  smh..I got them 2moro tho
@utjenn *hugs*  u are awesome, but 4 now I'm going 2 try 2 put it out of my mind.  It's 2 depressing to think about. 
Breaking in new shoes at work  not fun pretty sure they are bleeding...lol
quite relaxed@home on a sunday.....btw,y arent ppl born adults?children irritate others 
@Lovely_London it was awesome!! lol and its 2 am i have to sleep. So much school work tomorrow, bleh. 
It's Sunday... Everyone gets to enjoy but I'm working! 
@Kaitlin2_2 it wont' even turn on, I think it went to laptop heaven 
Totally bored and missin my insignificant other!!!! Lmao, thats just so funny. Muah x 500000000001 !!! 
Being blinded by a bright ass light is no fun...people on drugs might enjoy it though....so far nothing reconizable and not very rocking 
ok my knees are sore as hell now from all that walking. &amp; not 4 any fun or acceptable reason either goddammit   Aging is most inconvenient
@ScottXC Well so am I.    You should be happy for me.  When you move to BC, we can hang out.
Poor pens  i had an awesome night at a sweet party! Just got home now im crashing! Peace yall!
@MarkRCameron I sure did with my girlfriends, barrels of laughs actually. working now unfortunately... 
@GuitarGirl91692 Hey, Lauren, how goes it?  I'm so excited that I got a new computer, but not happy I mess up my printer in the process.  
Just got a phone call from my ex boyfriend....so weird....I can't even think right now .  UGH ! Night All ! Much Love
Drinking coffee, well, a mocha. Wish I was enjoying it more, but I burnt my tongue on it before so I'm not loving it at the moment 
Tried to leave the past alone....but still ended up talking about it tonight  now I can't even sleep......
I had an awesome time at the no doubt paramore concert! too bad we got there too late and missed paramore!  maybe next time!
Finished the sketch. Meh. Not totally satisfied.  hopefully painting it will give it the right touch.  http://twitpic.com/6bi7c
apparently steven wants to go to war. 
No coffee when inking... hand too unsteady. 
@destiny2711 Hooray! A fellow BB hater. Yay. It's gonna be mental on here 4 the next wee while 
Casey is about to show me a video that is &quot;so funny that i'll poop everywhere.&quot; I don't really want to poop everywhere. 
Closing night was amazing. i'm gonna miss the 'IMPACT' family! 
The weather is so crappy and cold and just generally upsetting 
@ATxB I'm so glad your cat is going to be ok. I lost a cat in October. She was hit by a car &amp; had brain damage. The worst time of my life 
The Magic beat the Cavs...amazing....also, i lost my phone 
is tired  and has listened to Alexander Rybak's song fairytale 42 times I LOVE IT!!
@tinkrbell84 oh that exploring remark was harsh 
@threevolts not so fun when cops is a rerun  http://myloc.me/2apv
@OhToastt  yuppp haaay its fun and all but i oober just wanna be at the club haha but these lamos dont do that  i need you here like now
@OhToastt  yuppp haaay its fun and all but i oober just wanna be at the club haha but these lamos dont do that  i need you here like now
Annoyed that holidays are so far away. So much I want to do, that by the time they actually come around, I won't be bothered anymore! 
@andrewphelps yes, love, I realize that. I just can't see her from here   (super jealous you are there)
Enough fun and games, back to the real world for me 
@TylerBrunick Tomorrow WILL NOT be amazing. Work from 8 to 10.. 
great, a commercial just told me i might be depressed 
via @sturmlaeufer: right in time for the mega event, my old etrex GPS gave up  #projectgame http://bit.ly/24Vuc
Booooo its sunday morning, my one lie in, so why am I awake? Its not fair 
tomorrow is Jun 1st but I don't think it'll be fun 
I'm sad....lonely...tired...a little depressed....need I go on....    
wishes it was still Saturday... when everything was fun and frivolous! Stupid Sunday shifts! 
is trying to have fun but just feels awkward and crappy instead. thinking it's time to head home. 
well...steven was gonna spend the night. looks like i will be sleeping alone...again   #jtv http://justin.tv/mces15
I'm up way to early and I want to go back to sleep. No joy 
Wow! Didn't go to Mex 2day...weirded out by that!  Had an amazing day &amp; still goin strong on 3 1/2 hours of sleep...Rockin it! Peace!
...permanetky cause the htel can't even get in cause  ad were wasted whichdoemst help  omg sorry I can't elieve I'm tweetinv eerione ha
@omgzitznina twitter got jealous  and why canr you go to warped even if your BF doesn't?
#ontd isn't even on the trending topics list anymore. 
@ellencourtney I was soo excited to see it on my list of things to record I am trying to take it all in since the end is near! 
@therealsavannah no fair...  there are never prizes fro the uk  lol
new Jonas songs make me so freaking happy. gah I'm crying  Nick J you are amazing. at least Joe hasn't wrecked this song yet.
@mileycyrus Its too late to vote already in Texas, only for best movie. I even signed up on mtv.com just for you 
@UPsceneRick you didnt even keep me updated on the game 
@mattsergent Don't I get a Happy Birthday like you promised to mariaromi15? 
Letting a friend drive me home tonight. Except we aren't singing &quot;girl, you got what I need&quot; in the cab. Not as fun as the commercial 
is still in recovery  didn't even make it out last night.
morning all. Its another gorgeous start to a day here in Glenrothes-apart from being up early  Hope you have a wonderful &amp; blessed Sunday
Fun night with Bford fam, but my first night in a LONG time not sleeping next to him 
@cicadaluvsu aww theres no jollybee here 
Love cant be described in words, but actions. But it seems all my actions attract love. why is my tailor saddd  be happy!!!
I had low expectations of the new star trek film and they were unfortunately not met 
@Rachelle323 I wanted to go see this with my husband, but had no babysitter   Guess we're both in the same boat tonight.Enjoy blockbusters
Those crooks are back again! Grr thankfully they didn't come back after I alerted store manager... Oh those staring eyes 
Ok I can't sleep &amp; am still a little annoyed that my post was rejected.  Yes it's in a comment but the post had like 4815162342 comments.
At the bar not drinking though so not having much fun 
ohhh why u gotta say it like that its sounds like ur having much fun @KuPanDaRedbone I'm at work so sober  but gettin paid 4 it.
AWW I just read the post. I can't believe #ontd was number one. Thats effing awesome. :O It needs to come back.  #ohnotheydidnt &amp; #GQMF
@viggin I was kinda excited for you for a moment until I realized you were talking about chocolate. 
Unfortunately, it's a rainy weekend  I've been delivered a pair of shoes made of rubber which isn't as good as it seemed on the web.
Good morning, well actually goodnight. Another night shift completed. Looks like a wonderful day. Shame I'll be asleep for most of it 
@ProudLoony Temp gauge says 7c outside 9c inside = very cold Sal 
@joybug80 looks like ill be cheerin for Kobe Wednesday 
 Cavs fizzled, tribe burnt by Yankees. Not a happy day for Cleveland. #fb
Glad I got a letter from one of my bffs today!! I miss her so much! 
@believersnvrdie I didn't ride that awesome wave  twitter is so hard to keep up with! #andyhurleyday im glad im twittering for andy tho!!
@caseysevenfold can't you make it? 
@nicolefuryy i wanted to see panic at the disco, but theyre not coming either  but yea im excited i might have to go to the tampa...
Last week of schooL!!!!!!!!  am i out on thursday or friday??! i am sad too though  wahhh but happy! and excited wooh gv
going to sleep. tomorrows going to be a bad day for me.  im being negative right now
Yay glad Diversity won. Though I wanted flawless or aidan 
I'm sorry  I was really frustrated and just didn't think about anything 
is stoked for the show tomorrow! too bad everyone bailed out on me  whatever, i'm still excited for it anyways
@sHaBaNgUh noppe I wish. I was there during new years tho haha vegas is no fun if your a minor 
@SchuggaJoy  its a repeat  I'm wathcin OPRAH.. ugh... I can't fall asleep 
Feeling kinda restless, with a bit of depression &amp; tiredness.  Hangover? From just a mug of beer last evening? :-o
you're the only chance at a brother i have...please dont act like you cant stand being related to me... 
@ScottBandy Except it is!!! For about a week now...I even direct msg'd u &amp; never got a reply! 
@kevolution I didn't see any of it, and I'm glad. I honestly think he's fed up with the coaching. He wanted Sasha in but MB wasn't on it. 
show tonight was tight... i'm really jealous i wasn't invited to eat blueberries and cheerios with tanner and garrett though  hahaha
@macadamiathenut There's a difference between invi &amp; offline. If I was on, I would be invi, but it won't even sign me on 
Just got home from Disneyland. Exhausted and annoyed that the fireworks got canceled... I had my camera too... 
@twilightfairy ok. well, i came in too late to have any fun. clashing events 
The downside of defecting to Woolworths - I now have the inane gushings of the Carpenters stuck in my head for the rest of the evening. 
is awake too early and not feeling happy 
The sea around Britain leaves a little to be desired re. water quality. For the second time in a month had stomach upset after a swim 
the fun is over, the bride is dry heaving in the limo 
but also feelin bit stupid cos said somethin last night and shouldnt of said it and bloody annoyed with myself for sayin, nob!!!! 
Well, @superjuno was clearly unhappy about being left in her crate a good chunk of the day despite the long trip to the dogpark. 
&quot;Worst Week&quot; is the funniest tv show! too bad it was already cancelled after 15 episodes 
I feel like summer is dying and becoming amazing simultaneously, I'm gonna miss my Swedes so, so much. 
@mediahunter no idea. Wonderful straw colour. Bit I think it has turned slightly  bit sweeter than I would like
why is it that when I want to go to sleep I have a song stuck in my head...&quot;mother lover&quot; Its funny but I want sleep 
@billykan It's no fun that @UncoKane is private because I can't see what you're replying too ... 
I always forget I have twitter. And my tummy is angry at me 
Tay's got another swim meet. It's an all day affair! Gonna miss the sun! Boo hoo.... 
Thanks but its not that happy... 
I'm looovin my new place but I'm too happy right now! I want my mommy  lol
@misslexieboo  if you need someone to talk to id be glad to help in anyway  [XIII]
@lizluvsJK they were and i couldn't do much about it  being at my friends house prevented me from tweeting
I am depressed. My iPhone is officially not coming  They asked me to go and collect my advance money back. That too after waiting 4 weeks.
I kinda feel bad for making so many jokes about it, but it was funny! thats what i do, he prolly think im not a real fan now 
This has been a sad sad week for the anipals, we lost a lot of friends. Reminds our humans of George and they get upset all over again 
@mhuerrd very unfair, i mean, i need you neaar 
i dont even think i have close friends over there 
@angryfaggot lo siento  *hugs*
Hope u guys are havin fun!!! I'm here at home being sick. Yup I'm having fun too. 
Jus got bk, GREAT nite in NY. =o] loved it! [SB]my life is amazin, Im so blessed. [SB2] I miss my friends. The Mels &amp; Andray! U guys  imu!
Guess what ! Im gonna study today. Its not fun any more 
@reactor88 @Eckotyper Ace was an awesome guy. I had no idea he was gone.  Ever since they started pushing apparel and stuff they suck now.
getting on roblox. going to look for something actully fun as a guest as i cant log in and guests cant talk 
You're not the only one who had a boring evening @VictoriaGrace Midnight, just ... didn't workout nor see the girls today 
My season three OTH rant - why would Peyton still have feelings for Lucas if someone as amazing as Jake loved her the way he did? 
Sunny but breezy morning.  Still not 100% sure what the ADC ride will be today but hopefully not fast, think I've got a slight cold? 
Why r my twitpics disappearing? Sent some amazing photos yday  http://twitpic.com/6bjzl
Went to the Paramore/No doubt concert tonight it was awesome! but thanks to traffic we missed paramore  sad day but no doubt did amazing!
@weightless way to say bye! Awesome! 
@tracky_dacks I know but it still makes me upset when I see it 
Getting ready to leave for Orlando in the morning! Excited for Disneyworld!  But bumbed I won't have internet.. Oh twitter withdrawl 
At happy endings before the boys leave for Tokyo in the morning 
@chell93 i haaaate taylor and the fact that she gets lucas makes me jealous  hahaha maybe a good song will come out of it?
@timlovejoy Rangers won, but they were awful,gutted Falkirk didn't get anything 
@14eleven I wish I'd have known about these bands when I was booking the LA shows, 'cause I'd have asked them to play w/ me 
@niffster cheers jen(nifer). saha's opening goal came faaaaaar to early. it added even more pressure, which proved to be too much. 
im thinking this guy is gonna get irritated with me quickly ...   
@AshTR Braum's is awesome. Wish we had one here. 
I woke up and got all excited because I couldn't feel any swelling, until I sat up   Still apples. Of pain.
@blurked this is very true, it's kind of fun though.  soooooooo im still bored 
And to top it all off, my lips are sooo chapped their starting to split. Even with the use of chap stick 
@14eleven Listening to these bands has given me a much-needed break from the awful Phoenix-area bands that keep pestering me 
just got bak home from livo. watched adventureland....it was pretty awesome my neck itches 
@JessDubb Girl.. I just couldnt put them down!!! im glad I read them... I'm sad they are over 
'Nitrogen Rich Soils' sounds like so much fun doesn't it.  Managed to write 200 words in 6 hours 
AARRR bio mec exam 2mo and even wiv lots of revision I still dont feel ready and its suce a nice day I dont want 2 revise inside again 
Shout Out 2 Essendon, i had faith in you even if NOBODY did &amp; its only tha 3rdQ &amp; ur gettin PUMPED by 100 points  At least it was expected
@14eleven See, and that psychobilly band was one of the BETTER ones I've come across today.  I actually like the guitar playing 
@DaRealJimBeanz I don't even have it!!!!!!! 
work loads ..!! OMG .. it never stops .. in office . working my butt off even on sunday  ..
Woke up rather upset, hopes Dave can cheer her up later 
@mrnicklevine my ear has had me up since 4am. the antibiotics aren't working yet. no fun being up early on a sunday 
&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 Just watched a new episode of Pushing Daisies. Sooo happy it's back, but sad it's over soon. 
is finding this heat to be a nice change! Shame I can't enjoy it though what with all the revision  20 days 'till Glasgow and Craig &lt;3
Microsoft's obsession with tying everything in together makes their software dysfunctional. Windows 8? Not on any computer I'll be using 
@jazzijoyce jc is not jd. jd is in jer-sey too 
Good morning earthlings. It's another sunny day... shame I gotta work 
@DjDATZ @sedington86  Awesome podcast guys, not a big podcast fan but consider me a regular, I hope I wasn't too late for the beta 
never seems to get to the movies! I even make plans, but it just doesn't happen 
I spent $15 on food at the night market and then some cute guy bought the sunglasses that I wanted just to make me mad  fun night overall.
im being depressed cuz i could audition for american idol if i was 8 days older. 
is sick for sure  just took nyquil..miserable!
excited the hubby will be home in 48-72hrs!!!! then 18 days with him. then he goes back to iraq til september 
Google Wave got me all excited, now it will be hard to sleep 
@chrisboudy so I ended up going with tumblr...I have some revamping to do to the main site, so I gotta hold on to the funds  it'll do
But all of my Twitter friends are on the east coast so I can't even drunk chat with them 
WARNING: do not eat almonds, while angry, they make you really frustrated and horny. its not fun 
This Darfur vid http://bit.ly/13L9fs    mks me feel sad&amp;upset, nt 2 mention Human Rights lack   
I lost my damn wallet  I'm extremely upset...first my eyes now my wallet not to mention dumb men in my life ughh I need a vacation...now
@ninghil It was FUN. Luke Jickain was there. *SIGH* ABS. &lt;3 Whaaaaaaaat? Why not?  Aren't you friends with one of the designers?
Ah, up early for a bit of training at work. Thankfully being paid. It feels nice to wake up hangover free, did eat cheese patty and chips 
@kuyachickboy jerk! it's not that funny 
@LarryRamos I know!! This show is effin amazing!!! Im so sad they canceled it  But at least we have some last min eps! I love Bryan Fuller
@marshallsheldon lol!!! Its true! Almost as bad as craigslist...maybe even worse 
@Aimforthejade: happy birthday! sucks i can't come by and greet you one tomorrow. 
@sucks_at_lyfe i love him too, but unfortunately i caused it, but i can't talk to him 
At the park while Leonie gets a new tattoo. Fun, but I'd trade places in a second 
It's gonna be even hotter today but I've got to be at work at 2...and those wards get soooo hot! 
@feiticeira *gasp* you're going to miss the MTV Movie Awards with us?  Have fun at Little Ashes, let me know how it is!
... Steven pointed out that I can't say TYLENOL  ahah forreal tho I do say it kinda weird .. Fudge!
I forgot I had a twitter account! Uh... summer's awesome so far. No work = no money though  How's your May been?
&quot;Up&quot; was great, amazing, and spectacular... I didn't expect it to be so sad though. Especially that my weakness are old people. 
had fun island hopping &amp; snorkeling today. Too bad it rained 
im not happy enough without you 
It was fun tonight... I forgot to pack my pj's darn... Guess I have to sleep in my jeans 
@NillaDrop I've seen that clip... it's pretty crazy! haha The bull never called back or even said thanks.  Not just people suck, bulls too
@bleongcw Better the one hit than none at all. Though fame is a funny thing... it can cut you off from a lot of what life has to give 
Going to bed.. Party wasn't so fun.   I miss my parnets. sighs. But they will br home tomorrow. YAYZ!!!
Went to my best guy friend's wedding. Her wife's a  very jealous freak so i can't stay &amp; chat with him for long. Sheesh! 
Is sad that the Cavs lost  I enjoyed the game though and look forward to going to Orlando for the finals!
Good Morning! Who bloody works on a Sunday? Me  Feelin tired and pissed off cuz its an amazing sunny day outside and didnt sleep much!
Hm... wondering why i have bad hair days when i go to school, and have good hair days when its a holiday. IT AINT FAIR! 
Jack.smith floods me even on bombus! 
@Be11dandy just the red Dell one. I wish Macbooks weren't so expensive! Unfortunately I don't have an extra '1000 spare 
@TheEmmaHamilton not even with me, baby?  &lt;3
Had a great night of wrestling. Sooo happy Orlando is going to the finals. Heading to sleep. I think I hurt my butt today 
I feel bad  going to sleep upset. Someon cheet me up now?
ended up downtown @ Lib w/a friend havent seen in years, we determined. not too many pics there, unfortunately --- ass all over. 
@thetricktolife its 4am here...and i know what you mean now by you can't sleep! lol i'm so wide awake its not even funny anymore 
@grant78uk oh I used to love going Bournemouth beach when it was sunny! Relaxing today me thinks, back to work after a week off tomorrow 
A couple is wearing some couple shirts n'awww! I'm jealous 
*irritated* still thirsty 
@frankiedelgado so jealous but I wasn't invited 
Annnd totally in the negative moneys.  I wish it were pay week. 
@babygirlparis OMG! Lost is AMAZING! Best show ever!! It's so frustrating that we have to wait till next year  xoxo
@DavidArchie it must be fun to have a busy life.., if me, i just do nothing at home!! Lol.. 
@kaaathyton I did NOT have fun. In fact, I killed it for Jose  I'm a selfish bitch &lt;^&gt; @ me
Finished reading &quot;Seven Ancient Wonders&quot;. Still not feeling better  Wonder what's for dinner 
jEAloUSsSss  by: KOOKISh.:  ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????.. http://tinyurl.com/melyag
@wilw i'm terrified of mel gibson, but for around 13 seconds i was mortified in a very envious way 
@petabridges glad you are having nice weather. Only 45F and rain here 
Received latest edition of the Bible Study Magazine (May/June 2009), unfortunately haven't enjoyed previous editions as much as I'd like. 
And am annoyed that I have no net till Wednesday  will miss the major pre3 conferences. Keep me up to date tweeps!
@JERI7YN hope u feel better unnie,i was excited to see you but  miss u!
So I got seven hours of sleep last night, which is great, but now I can't sleep again..... Back to getting three to four hrs 
Whatever shorts?  @evanfightfair I miss my little brother  http://twitpic.com/6blvf
@acmhatre this audio piece gives me a completely different perception of punjab which unfortunately is the wrong one.. 
@KarlaWraight work at a further education college.went to Bristol yesterday to see my brother and then drove to derby last night.no fun 
puts aside tf2 and almost anything tf2 related for the next 18 days 
huge car accident down the street from us tonight...wow. Even got news coverage. Lots of work tomorrow. Boyfriend being silly again 
@geetika1255 cavs lost  bt now even I'll shift camps to lakers..go Kobe!
Watching My Sassy Girl, Kr Version. The US version is happy ending crap but I like drama so I liked it 
Ive been driving on this road tooo long.  Was not blessed with the gift of being able to follow directions 
is being annoyed by Noah. 
I am lonely and bored in this 2bedroom apartment without my bestie and Sasha Fierce! No bestie and no puppy  and don't even 4get no tv!
@NakedArtNZ yeah shes doing awesome, good sleeper, eats like mad!! poor boobs gone up 2 more cups, cant find a bra that fits 
should probably make an effort this time to re-do the gallery even if it will take forever and some of the photos are lost  That's a fail
@brokensadly i didn't even sleep much yesterday and i stayed up until 3am. i'm ooold too. 
NO idea what's with me and the sad playlist. 2 hours ago I came from a ROCKING party, I'm suppose to be happy 
@MakeupLoveer  thank u sweetie  have a fun day too. just watched your new videos AWESOME!! wouldnt let me comment   xx
@JACKtheTRIPPER I'm so envious that you get to see Spinderella.  She is one my childhood crushes. 
@ntt will you be taking pictures; even of everyday stuff! id love to see how your hometown looks like. 
I want to be banned, except for the t-shirt thing. Feel like I should refund everyone their money and fuck of. 
bed time... #drag me to hell was chill scary and funny lol wack ass saturday 
Stop being so sunny please Singapore 
It has been 2 days I'm angry with the world without a reason 
@KathAbej It's not raining here. Unfair. 
so yea  i havet slept  iv been deleting my &quot;old&quot; life  from cyberspace  not even 1/2 way done  
@evvss THOSE CANNONS = AWESOME! Huhu not yet, I'm still @mygrandpa house i wanna study!! 
@jalove meeeean! glad you enjoyed it. Oahu is pretty frickin hot too  enjoy the rest of your weekend!
@GADBaby I am soooo jealous - I don't even have a playgroup 
is using half an hour to actually wake up... then the next 7, 8, or 9 for revision... in a relaxed sort of way 
Windows SP3 Update even fails in safe mode. 3 hours on this now - and I have real work to do 
even if you're going to show grace, getting their information is always a good idea, just in case... oh well.... a little bummed  g'nite
Not happy about the thought of working today. 
@AshleighRyder Tha hamock broke  Hahah but yes that was soo funny!
@ChrisRyanMusic i hate it when my dad comes to my room just to check if i'm sleeping..i always have to turn off my laptop harshley  lol
Feel all out of sorts this morning - can't concentrate properly to read and [comment or type even] 
SO glad Subo  didn't win BGT! Am very sunburnt after spending too long on the beach yesterday-ouch! 
member those new girls I was excited 2 b hangin' w/?  Yeah well, turns out the invite was a joke behind my back.  Girls r mean.  
Still up, UNfortunately. My eyes don't wanna fall asleep 
@GymBrown wishi was there  happy bday
@TaylaMcCloud you know my phone is shit i don't even remember those texts  phwoar headachey. hate revish
Everyone I know is asleep.  Can't chat anyone to tell them how excited I am to come home.
my ipod landed in the washing machine. yes, it's broken. awesome. 
unhappy today 
@sarinsuares ahhh,nice...i have a very ecclectic taste,but i think rock is what i play the least of unfortunately!  so maybe i'm NOT
@TimNunn we can't even get in on the INTERNET...i seriously doubt it ever makes it to the iphone 
my eye sight has gone even worse. 
goose vargis was fun. met some nice people. don't feel as much as a loser. still sad about novak  will need to run or something tom AM
Seeing all these videos of the last day of BC beta GM event makes me both mad and sad they didn't have a last day of WotLK beta GM event. 
@KyWagner I'm doing awesome! How r u? Where r u from? I can't DM ya btw if u aren't following me 
@mahd80 you forgot ah? It's the silly sale season!! Even without the Singapore sale it's stupidly crowded. 
Wishes he didn't have to spend ANOTHER sunny day stuck in a dingy room in the Library 
@andietweets too bad  City ordinance here goes in to great detail (2pp worth) WHY you can't have more than 1 pig - funny ;-)
@_JAYYTEE aww man I thought we were friends!!! I didn't even say nothin bout abs 
I don't trust nobody not even him 
work at 8am..no fun 
Is wondering how a family of 4 with a moderate income are so broke...praying we are able to make rent this month...   
@Natty_Bea AND IT WASNT EVEN THE SAME DUDE U WAS KISSIN EARILER TISK TISK WHAT IS THIS WORLD COMIN TO 
omgz integration and the logarithmic function. i've been doing maths all day 
@andreafosho i dont even think i have time to go to old navy  its too far eh. and i have exams next week and im leaving RIGHT AFTER exams
#YouTube's 'turn down the lights' feature - brilliant! Not on all videos though  http://tinyurl.com/mscf8v
its too sad when you think you know someone, but it turns out that you dont even know its name. 
@theboatissinkin i don't feel happy about this 
 not even Truck and Fish is making me happy right now...............
So, gonna suck to be going to work today, That The Cavaliers ended their season last night sucked even more!  Parken in my headphones!
Moving Tudors caps... and they aren't even complete 
It's 3:30 and I'm wide awake. Oh the joy of insomnia. 
@_aizen I don't even know how I can help, it hurts 
Sleep is for sissies. Wide awake @jfk. Perhaps a nap en route to sin city? I think the #WSOP event I want to play in is already sold out 
just woke up because of my grandad sawing something outside  its soo loud that even i cant get back to sleep and thats saying something:'(
@mileycyrus I'm not feeling myself good, bec i can't vote for u  , THAT IS SO UNFAIR. I just wish that you would reply to my message.
@TimNunn it's not that unfortunately...it's the RIAA's demands for royalties...having dealt w/them before i know it's an upward battle 
dreading the day's events. no @Lopsi no @webireland and no @chunkybum3... just me, myself and I 
@angiellyah hey even i lost my phone just last month. 
Enjoy the sunshine tweeps- just don't brag about it as I head into the pits of visual impact assessment, a necessary indoor work activity 
gah! I feel so dumb and a lil depressed. 
@paistoutheou No...*sigh* even my emo-ness can't save me from my upcoming doom. ...Save me Danielitoooooooooooo. 
@xkrnaaax im so sad that cleveland lost  oooh cool hope you had fun loser!
MM./:  i truely miss you even though what happened and everything. you don't even knoww . 
Just about to leave for work, back ache  but still happy  ToY xx
jealous of everyone whose seen UP i want to see it!!  any wanna go with me soon? lol
@funkyfairy24    I have nothing I feel so un manly ; ( x
sat in the airport lounge waiting to go home. so glad diversity won bgt woop woop. Got to finish of my assignment today  fun times lol xx
Last nite was so much fun til the drama came to ruin everything  I have hang-over even tho i didn't drink anything else but energy drinks!
@anythingpotato nice to know you see it that way... im depressed right now 
Making a lot more progress on this site. Stable design, now I need to start scripting it  - still need a name too
I shooo wish I cuda been enjoying my oreo cookie milkshake wit whip cream and a cherry on top rite about now but I'm not 
had a bad night last night - practically nobody went out ! and today, it's still very sunny, but i'll be stuck behind a counter for 6hrs 
wonderful weekend with husband, why does it have to end 
 no more BGT! I'm so glad diversity won! They were amazing! I didn't know who to vote for, so I voted for them &amp; Julian Smith! Well done!
@lizzyron lol I was thinking that too!! But he's probably not too happy right now 
I'm getting sick and already have a not so fun sore throat. Perfect timing for the coffee shop gig I will be playing on Friday. 
@jonathanrknight who u b referring 2 exactly jon? 'fu' sounds massively bitter, y come?? dont b like dat!  ur better than that!
@sagittarius88 ican't im not tired &amp; now ur usin dat against me not fair 
School tomorrow. Back to exams  happy i'll get to see everyone (well most ppl) again though 
http://twitpic.com/6bn7d - the tart is finally finished! even though it's kinda ugly 
I left my jacket at a photoshoot in catford. I'm not happy man. 
@Izzy_Chihuahua i know!!! It was really fun.. Until i did peepee on her bed..  Accidents happen you know
@segel i know how you feel... i decided it would be fun to put my phone thru the washer today 
@miasmacloud: Friend isn't enjoying the laggy layout and furry characters; and I agree with her. 
@xeniph_b it's been almost a week since i've had even one  but i will fall aleep before 4 tonight. i will i will!
@audiobloodx why are you so upset? 
arghh...a friend's wedding party this evening. lucky, a venue isn't too far from my place. but thing is that i hate dressing up 
went on a trip to bendido fun!!! 
Got Burnt Yesterday  But It Was So Fun 
@anberlin you guys were AMAZING tonight at the commodore... i have more to say but twitter wont let me say it all 
went to the footy today but it wasnt very fun! 
Is glad I didn't go out.  Tired + sore as a muthafucka. And yes we still moving. Work in a few 
arghhh a long day of work ahead and its beautiful outside  - just realised the bridal fair is tomorrow as well as store opening
@Bern_morley I couldn't even WATCH the last 30 minutes.  Reminded me too much of my collie. 
Depressing events lately... though everything's fine in my personal life, the reverberating effects aren't too peachy 
I want to be happy 
Im gettin redy for the funeral...  i hate my scout uniform
Home. I wish more people would have came with us....would have been a lot more fun that way 
@NanaRaine did you have a good time? glad you're back ,we've all missed youxx no not good 
got followed byyyy miley. i was so excited. even tho that soulds lame. concidering. but then she uN-followed me  oh well. going to sleeep.
@Jason_Manford not even got an iphone yet  between that and a blackberry
That means Ness &amp; I just broke our record by staying this late wiiiiii... The worst part? I'm not even sleepy to fall asleep yet 
im so upset with myself. i could have missed seeing fam i dont see very often cause i forgot to open my myspace messege 
i think im in an even worse mood than friday. I miss lou 
BGT the media still only cares about susan. Even tho she lost their still making it about her. Susan Boyle lost! not Diversity WON! 
@CarolBomb Gawd, I hope so too. A genuine threat could possibly mean a repeat event, if we find her... 
Placed 4th in funrun today in the 17-39 age group,could have done better not happy 
live show was fun, talked to some people i haven't talked to in FOREVER! i just cut my finger.. it hurts  tranny got a booboo
#spotify would be amazing on iphone in the garden linked up to some speakers, millions of tracks on demand!  sadly not so 
@NanaRaine my stomach decided it wasnt happy with me last night  I went to the docs friday b4 last having a blood test 10th june
Blobs Comics posts blog entry &quot;What to Look Foward To This June! (It's not really going to be fun this coming month.  )&quot;!
Off work til Wednesday. Joy. 
Not happy having a stuck up old woman sat next to me on the coach! Annoying! 
@Shahbaa @aliafattouch i know.. i so need a blackberry!  p.s ZANZIBAR!! im so jealous! 
@JenIngram I drank 5 beers, and now at 5 a.m. I still feel like I been to a funeral 
@chante4dannyxxx I'm so glad I've finished all my coursework for now! But I've got loads of revision  x
This was not a fun night........ Fuck 
loving this sunny weather!!! Went to the beach yesterday and got burnt 
Panadol? feeling a bit sick to be honest not sure I can last to tomorrow evening whole side of my face hurts 
 AND maths exam tomorrow; just to make life even bettter....
@Coffeegirl_ Yay! So jealous though 
just got home from a long ass day that started @ 12noon...the boys had fun and thats all that matters..count down til they leave on fri 
@NovaWildstar Nothing to do with the night out, unfortunately. Had a headache for 3 days now 
BGT I'm so happy Diversity won! I literally clapped and jumped. :L Oh well.. I do wish Shaheen was near the top however.  x
back in shetland, happy to see PAWS! ...thinking 3 months is a very long time 
@Niish twilight is awesome &amp; I shoulda went to hepzis 
is worried about her granny, but happy thet she's out of the hospital so soon. cannot get herself up to learn  damn bloody sunday...
Finishing my Heineken then going to bed. I had a fun night with Kendra. I miss my boyfriend 
is bored, sleepy and feeling a little gloomy today 
@mlvalentine Ack! Firefly only in USA - *sob* - no fair...  
Can't sleep... Too much running through my head.  lord calm my thoughts! Let me sleep
nice warm and sunny day again! back to school tomorrow 
On train to melbourne with Lone. Big day. Just passed Broadmeadows. Lots of wankers on this train. Not fun 
@AlanaJoy me thinks you're having WAY more fun then i am tonite...lol  i'm craving fred 62's pop tarts right now 
Went to the bar yesterday all was good and fun, then we went back and we got attacked by some sick guys, I hurt my ankle pretty bad... 
is packing  which means im missing the sunny sun 
damnit...i jus found out Morfeus got ousted from Limbonic Art las year. that upsets me cuz he was the real mastermind behind LA... 
@KlownDogg Sorry man.  Nothing I can say to make things right unfortunately. Want me to have her kneecapped?
I just finished my painting... but I'm not happy with it. 
@Vantrease10  Yea, and I'm sad now.  They were so excited for Scream, then they left me in my room and went to sleep. 
Just got in from a not so eventful night out.  Not eaten for 21 hours and feel sick as for it 
Another sunny morning. No Internet connection but busy for most of day anyway. Got to go home today 
i do not enjoy how sore my shoulder is, it's stinging like a bitch. why did i only burn on one side 
16 hours to go.... NM Trailer on MTV Movie Awards... but unfortunately will have to wait another 2hrs to watch online...  Breakfast time!
@Sarcia Tht doesn't sound fun! I gt 5 next week!   french, business, music, ict &amp; foodtch (whch is th most pointless subject EVER created!
Just woke up... I had a nightmare!  But last night was amazing anyway!
I MISS ELEMENTARY SCHOOL  ha anyway tonight was a BLAST couldn't ask for better friends and fun times xoxo night everyone
@whizkidd Broke. Very, very broke. Plus I got some awesome friends on LAN so... 
Unfortunately karl was awake when I got to his 
@epicflailer I won't be able to  Going to be out for most of the day. Maybe highlights in the evening?
@oo00_Mr_K_00oo wen i signed up for this game i thought id be killing in 3D.. this game is in text for christsake! not fun 
is bored, thinking about tomorrow, about whether im excited for school or not.. Oh i hate being confussed 
I wasn't even in WeHo for 5 min and some guy smacked me in the face...I was on my cell and it few out of my hand and split. My poor nose. 
SHOWWEERRR TIMEEE I think. I need to wash my hair. So upset I cant dye my hair before atl 
Running in the rain?  Fine.  Running in thunder/lightning?  Even I'm not that crazy.  Running is officially postponed.    #shredheads
Sill in St. Tropez, have to leave in couple of hours  Weather here is amazing.
killing time at airport.  flight delayed  Still, free food, free internet and a PS3 to keep steve out of trouble.  Virgin you are awesome
@johnnyjacob awesome.. thanks a lot dude!! You rock ;) But you gotta tell me how you did it. I don't wanna get stuck at that stage again 
i know we need haters but the M*therfuck@s around me are taking shit to far  
It's so nice and sunny today and I have 4 days of exams starting tomorrow 
sunny day again must do revision really !!!!! 
@ZoERUDURS SO jealous. I love both Newcastle and Derren! He hasn't been in Belfast for ages 
@1KrazyKorean: I so want that BB  stuck with the 8310 is it AWESOME ?
why are sundays so uneventful?? 
I'm so tired ryu nice try today  I feel tired even lying down on my bed...
watching kevjumba on youtube. communitychannel isn't funny anymore 
swear i've broke my foot. it's all swollen &amp; bruised &amp; i can't put it to the floor  couldn't even walk home yday!
@Susie_Nutbar Hi Susie! I'm very well indeed, thank you for asking. Do enjoy your bbq later on today! Not warm enough for one here 
@sashsilence thats so sick man im glad you enjoyed it. i miss you and our am/pm dates 
@harsha paying bill on time is a problem for them. No interest 
@Gem_92 no not much working mainly,sorry it's boring but true  great news about your new gf I hope you2 will be very happy 
@PinkyNKOTB still no joy  I save it to my desktop. What do you save it under, settings wise?????
@Nick1Lewis1 PAR! I was really looking forward to that stuff man  Not happy. Ring me though when you can!
wow, i never enjoyed a weekend this much. rest rest rest. ) hahaha! back to school again.  good bye weekend, see you in 5 days. )
just finished watching movie with Jelly bean!  I'm happy I got to see MI fam tonight wooo so tired now 
@courtneyenders fuck yea! Its 4:30 &amp; I'm in bed watching Ferris Bueller's Day Off trying to go to fall asleep! I even took a tylenol pm! 
Krabi is amazing! Beach everyday! Shame I have to leave day after tomorrow  anybody hear about that pilot thy got Atrested in the UK?! Why
out of the shower now, and am the coldest im going to be all day  its not fair!
Been sunny all weekend. But grounded. 
I've been in such a BLAH mood lately. You know that mood where you feel nothing? Not happy, not sad. You just walk around like a Zombie. 
Enjoying my last weekend with Emma before she heads back home.. 
I keep thinking it's Monday morning and I start getting all excited for the MS conference...then I remember it's on Sunday  ...pooper
@mvnz me either. not much. in fact idk if ill even be able to let you pay me at all :S i dont know how good i am at design anymore 
is depressed monday is tomorrow 
Another amazing day in Galway, im still sunburnt though  When does it turn into a tan!!!
@Werecat1 Sometimes I do too. Necessary drugging is no fun! 
lol oh dear, why am i jealous? i don't even like him?! oh my 
-- it makes me wish DEARLY that I could contribute some to the pile.   *sad sigh!*  I can't even write fan fics. how can I write a book!?
Just got back from work, another sunny hot day that I can't enjoy  whatever going for a cup of coffee now.
@danecook your show was AMAZING in LA! Wish I would have met you 
this week is going to be busy! I can't wait for Queensland! but I WANNA SEE ALL TIME LOW LIVE!! NOT FAIR! 
Gaby cooked an amazing meal. Last night  dnt want to leave!!!
Wearing factor 30 just for the sunny journey between places... Why can I find no black linen shirts? Its all happy summer colours 
good morning. a beautiful day and i am sat inside revising  so glad diversity won last night
@undrockroll I have never ever had it before - didn't even know it existed in Aus! I thought it was tofu and was severely disappointed 
i held two snakes today! And i put one on my chest and tried to be funny but just got scared 
Was outbid on a whole pack of awesomely rare DAAS stuff on ebay - went up $50 in FOUR SECONDS. I was winning at 7 secs left  #ebay #fail
Work is not fun  I have no music to listen to, I am sore and tired, and the store is trashed 
@Kitty_Von_D unfortunately, yes. Had to walk the sodding thing 5 miles back so stayed in the sun tooooo long 
fighting with the girlfriend  it not fair
@Mezandy aww thats not fun at all 
last day of half termm  bought new blazer &amp; school shoes yesterday, blissful shoeshopping xx missing you all loads!!!
@Tinashe_K Listening to Tinashe song because im a true bestfriend even though its a really bad song...and you said &quot;you loved me&quot; 
is d only 1 who didnt get pancakes 4 breakfast coz no1 woke her up like was suposed 2  glad im not workin tho
@ZackRabbit donuts was the only sweet stuff we had in the house  Preferred the cookies of course.Need that recipe.Your cookshow is big fun
@renmaldita @liaalu @mzmraz @irrationallogic On second thought, never mind. There are now jap starters. Awww... 
@renmaldita @liaalu @mzmraz @irrationallogic On second thought, never mind. There are no jap starters. Awww... 
@moanyboot just tell him to clear off you should be able to enjoy the sunshine in the privacy of your own garden 
@sln25373 stop making me jealous  i had plans to beach today but the weather decided to be bitchy &amp; there are no beaches/pools open T_T
wants to enjoy the sun but has work sooon 
@DanielMoroney lol have you done your business studies coursework, all of the three sections? i haven't even started 
@passionvaibhav whoa...even i am really missing JUIT since morning today.  
No arthur Smith last night  but silent disco was awesome.
FML  a bit upset at the moment
Barb-E-Que pool party!  awessssome!!!! '_____________'  enthusiastic or sarcastic?  ..even i dont know &gt;.&lt;  God i hate this weather 
@Ranting_Llama True but it felt so amazing to do that! I had to give up my sat night for it though 
i just found out i have a lot to be excited about, but a whole lotta crap to get through before i get to them 
daymeee don't wanna work today whilst it's nice &amp;sunny 
@talkinguineapig *yawn* is it too late 4 fun picnic times?! 
@Ethnicsupplies glad you liked the joyce grenfell. My fave is this one  http://is.gd/Kxur but it's not foun it's way into mp3 yet 
@delamarRX931 unfortunately, Susan Boyle only got 2nd place  i'm more curious to know if work will be suspended as well haha
@gemmak500 well.. sob.. I've only had one invite even though Everyone seems to be playing 
I WANT TO WATCH THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS TODAYY. NOT FAIRRRRRR 
 @PurpleHazeYobi Hope you had fun with &quot;Lisa&quot; the Jillian replacement lol... I was busy getting @_rosiecakes drunk! lol I &lt;3 u both... xo
I have to work on one of the hottest days in the year... Not happy! I'm gna melt 
I saw magic was a trending topic and got excited, I thought it was as in &quot;magic happens&quot;, but most was just basketball  oh well!
The night was so different that I expected, girls pissin on the floor, meeting a rapper/pimp, but I had soo much fun, now at home alone 
Laundry in my new house! Heads up I don't plan to move ever again. This place is awesome, been moving all day!! 
Unfortunately I've missed the last hydrofoil to Yichang. I have to wait for tomorrow  Going out for a dinner with my new chinese friends.
firstly, yay diversity won bgt =D=D secondly, brandon flowers is amazing, but just announced on jonathan ross he is married with two kids 
Off to work  I wanna have a lazy day in the sun! Enjoy your day peeps!
@lesil um yeah  I do unfortunately. Which begs the ? Why are u up so early?
Vienus broke Steven's car...SAD! sorry JS!  KS your party was awesome
just called jessieo! to wish her happy 5th birthday!  sad that im not there, but had a good say out with her on thursday.
the prospect of exams and a BGT figure near 20m has worked its magic. Im sufficiently depressed now 
Last day of #halfterm  Least there's still sun - happy Diversity won #bgt
So hungover and I hate the sunny weather 
How do you even prevent such fucked up dreams? 
is happy to be home but i'm going miss my boyfriend while he is gone in NJ for the summer...  please take good care of him NJ!
@RebekahPattz BECA! im sooo annoyed im gonna miss the new moon trailer because i don't have any sky or ntl anymore  what will i do?!
feeling even worst than yesterday... a pior gripe da minha vida... 
New possible master is down to one. Haven't met him yet, but he's already a lot of fun. If only he'd let me Cum  Meeting him this week. 
@SilverxRiot Obviously they do. School should totally be banned. I don't even have time for shopping/movies  You?
@FunkyPaul i dont run the lotto 
@iamadamsullivan I agree, it does look rather fugly, plus having the controls so far down will make it even less comfortable to hold 
Okey I'm officially very very very tired! it's not funny anymore even a red bull can't help me! And poor me.. I have to work at 2 o'clock 
Inside fun today - my poor son is really sick again today  Poor thing has this cough back again. The joys of going to kindergarten I guess
ok sunday....2 more days until one of my awesome interviews!!! must tend garden today!!! its been neglected 
@Caiteee enjoy beyonceeeee i'm so jealous 
@samanthablews BUT I ENJOY SAYING 'IN MY PANTS' 
Buying paint at wilkonsons, its really fun. 
@hollybebs yah dey said dey going hop around. I got a shoot then got races tomorrow, so no can  Have fun and be safe! We'll party soon!
Everyone on here is packing to go to some place cool to do something even better. I am watching tv and doing schoolwork...........FUN 
@_emmajane_ Yep went but wind was very choppy so no air time unfortunately. 
has lost the will to live for the next eleven days     
@FUCKCITY HAPPY B-DAY ANDYYY!!!! I SWARE I MADE A CAKE FOR U...I WISH U COULD BLOW THE CANDLES URSELF  ANYWAY...HAVE A GREAT TIME! HUGZ XD
@tommcfly 's tweet made me miss thailand even more. 
@adamrwaddingham I'm very good thanks. Yeah I'll probably campaign a bit unfortunately I've been an idiot &amp; registered my vote too late 
@HypnoPeter Haven't heard of Itamar. Will check him/her out. Poor you, lecturing on a Sunday.... on a lovely sunny day like this 
I hate IE7, it doesn't display content when PHP sends a web page with status 404 or 500, 
broke the bank and it wasn't even appreciated 
Would like to enjoy the sunshine, but cant cos i've gotta go to work 
@smlimon so I barely got your twit now  I'm really upset we didn't get to hang n e ways I'm caught between a rock n stone 
Have to study  - Not happy at all.
@yesiortiz I will mammas and stop leaving me out of all the fun...  lol you knw I'm powers biggest fan and true listiner see u on the air
family knocked for 6 by annoying tummy bug - and on a gorgeous sunny bank holiday weekend. oh the injustice 
ok irritated going to bed hoping i see sara before she leaves back to the bad boy office tommoro  grrr they took her away BLAH!
and even people I shouldnt miss 
@plus_mig glad you had such a brill time, really sorry not to see you 
Hit and run is no fun   My car got hit so badly it went 20 meters after the hit, and the stupid ##$@ other car simply ran away.
saturday was deadline wrap up party. lots of fun and excitement but I have lost at raving rabbit againts the director  will get my revenge
Need to go to sleep...quite the interesting weekend! You know you're getting old when clubbin' isn't that fun anymore!  LOL
pc's and desks moved, cat v.v.unhappy  I see the shittypants behaviour making a come back. Joy
last day of revision today, exams 2moro, hist + english     but its sunnyyy!
omg how shit can today be? gahh!! perfect weather and conditions for the perfect summer day.. but its nothing to get excited about 
Argh, I am going to the dentist tomorrow  not fair, nothing is wrong with my teeth (I don't hope there is)
is still happy Diverstiy won BGTalent,, maths exam tomorow. about to indulge into an afternoon of intense revision ^o) andy misses Elisa 
@__Jeanie__ My crappy phone just died.  3 bars to nothing in 1 go.  Even more wanting to go home 
Had an amazing night last night. I have a bruised lip though  Going to the zoo with @iloveraerae now, and the cinema this evening.
@mobilephone2003 that's nothing to get annoyed over... I have a GCSE maths exam tomorow! 
@irrationallogic Who ba is hogging all the cream? LOL. I think most people's dishes are cream-based. 
@becca_darling the unfortunate majority of us Britons are unfortunate idiots 
Fair play to SuBo. She was excellent last night, I have to say. I still really like Shaheen Jafargholi!  And Shaun Smith. Give up rugby!
Sunburns are not fun  Guess I'll get a tan this year... by force!
@groovychick3290  if it's any consolation, it gonna b warmer tomorrow! Will you have time to enjoy it then?
@mcshortstack YES!!!! Wasn't it amazing, but then sad because you know there are only 2 left 
After an AWESOMEE nitee of killinq somee quys ass's on da roud. . Wee aree finally qoinq himee.  its all qood cuzz my firstt raisinq
Slightly annoyed I didn't do my presentation for tomorrow before now. I will be stuck inside on the laptop all day. 
The only lame part is having to wake up in 3 1/2 hours  I love going to church...but I know I won't enjoy it if I'm half asleeep
Happy Birthday Leia! Sorry I can't be there  Better get your ass back here
@BecEvans Happy Birthday Bec. No picture from me though. 
@eatsleepattack Because you're house is so much more awesome than mine. And I move out of Brighton on Tuesday 
enjoying every bit of her days in sydney, i love australia!!! haven't seen any roo's yet though 
@katofawesome Is that ALL the music you have in total?  You are deprived.
@ElectriKateD I am excited about the trip (IRL I am sick  ) and how are you sis? (smile)
@kavisolo I know!  it was so fantastic. Had a great time (sorry 
@Jacintalaura i have to get off the computer now  txt me okay? be happy love you!
@dayumshefiine I'm not! Did my research man. Shooooot check the status. &quot;Happy one month!&quot; And the &quot;2!&quot; exactly a month later 
I don't want david tennant to leave  stay forever. man doctor who is an amazing show. calls for marathons on the holidays &amp; i cant wait 
lovely day outside, awesome weather and perfect for sitting around in in the garden, but I'll be in the library. yay 
, good evening! ' Hey how's your day?? 1 day to go back to school na :; grrr i have a big problem 
@Swizzlesqueak  but I want it too be sooner for dad  His life is not joyful for him or Mum...Old age sucks dogs balls, truly.
About to go to bed alone... And guess what I'm going to wake up alone too  but I had a lot of fun tonight! Love josh...
Twisted ankle in heels last night - carried on dancing for 2 hours....morning after and I can't walk....OUUUUWWWWWW!  Loved Proud!!! xxx
I miss my Mum and Sister already and their flight hasn't even left yet..... 
@groovychick3290 Aww man that's so gay  try and take an hr off here &amp; there. Summer ball will be amazing I'd say!
The new headphones are fuckin amazing.They sound like you are actually at a concert.Made me wanna see Darren live again RIGHT NOW. 
I am so dying. I have the worst hangover imaginable. It hurts to even blink 
Have to go to work; and its soo sunny!!! Not Fair 
@xxnissa Well, I truly love her, but someday I know she will find someone, and I can't let her be single forever. Even though it hurts 
* for a while ... cant even type due to lack of snoozing  :L
it's not fair 
Thinks its weird that everyone seemed to loose internet conection last night. And is also annoyed that tweets wont update from my phone 
last night show was fun, but for other reasons lol. Seemed to go down well, despite the fact we didn't really play our best. Work tonight 
loves ih beneran marah  (tears) (angry) http://plurk.com/p/xdh9n
Uh ohs, am horribly ill. This is bad for evening plans 
on 2 holidays in a row probably not dont think i have the pennies  feel bit sad now bring on team supreme hol fun 
my back hurts  I had a great time with Chrissy today...she is so awesome
Gabe and Malik's panel sounds like it's a fun one. I wish I was in #asylm 
Annoyed most of the photos I took of the boat racing yesterday are blurry 
scrambled egggs burnt  love this sunny weather though
Looking out the window thinking all i want to do is sun bathe, but I have to get on a train for 6.5 hours!!!   Enjoy it everyone  x
@twinkle47 @pob34 @TraceyHewins Thanks for the #ff mentions, sorry i missed them  Hope your all well n enjoying the weather.
@markovitch yeah. problem here was someone's back wheel clipped my front wheel, even hitting the brake at that point didn't help much 
@Madddddii IT WAS MY V SHAPED ONE TOO!!!! Actually it wasn't even mine, it was Anna's haha. But I liked it 
half term is over. homework today,  but ive had an amazing week, and im looking forward to seeing everyone on monday. x
@xcarliex fun yesterday then? Am jealous you got to see the show, I never had the chance! 
I'm home..alone..passin out..nite yall..had a lil fun..jus lots on my mind..not sad/jus really angry.....won't get best of me....I'm out 
Rove uses power 4 good to make a Sol Trujillo pinyata 4 guests to bash ... so wrong .. he made Tel$tra even WORSE AND took $30M offshore 
My fever broke early Sat morning, but my crazy nightmares have continued. It's hard to rest with dreams like these  Trying to think happy
@PurpleMuffinMan aw you just jealous because you still waiting for body hair 
@dtonk I s'pose it's not the same. ...It's not even close  Haha
@ssab_ WHY DID @ElnaSuominen BUY U SHOES AND JEANS?!?!?!?!? I WANT SOME 2  i'm jealous now 
@mgchislett http://twitpic.com/6brcn - Oucchh. Poor Chizzy  *hug* even though it was like, 3 years ago. But what did you do to get tha ...
sitting down to the week's overspill of beeb work on a beautiful sunny afternoon. bah humbug 
Last night was sooo sick!!!! Shame Ive got work today and its sunny 
I was the victim of 2 drunk calls.. The first was a pleasant surprise. the other well not so much. It's not fun fighting with ur x at 3am 
@MissPressa I wish. Wish I was tipsy too. Can't have any vino even if I wanted  antibiotics 
Feelin miserable lately...I miss the beach...I miss my bf my boo...an old friend...blah blah blah.. 
http://twitpic.com/6brko - Fettled bike, sunny day, injured leg 
@FenterZ yarr i am but the sun has just melted my head and now i have a headache.. jealous of the feet in cold water 
Had an awesome day today! But I can't freakin go to sleep now! Boo!  I gotta be up in like 3 hours!
celebrating their professional holiday - Chemist Day! Alone 
@MGChislett yay im so excited bout tai coming back to aus! you shd so come visit horsham yes? we miss you here  haha
watchin tele in her new bedroom on er new bed happy as a clam i surpose bt am in ouse on ma own all day  x
@L_du_Coudray oh wow awesome ;) too bad i don't plan on celebrating my birthday 
@alasdairrr Well I'm envious of your lie in, but reassured that you're losing your day to computers as well as me. 
had a good night out in minehead even with the looking out for drunk people who he'll never see again 
I got lost in a shopping centre today  My mother is so forgetful that she even forgets her own children!! (Nonoko)
I hate my job, wish I could find something more fun. I hate banking 
new TNSB video! http://bit.ly/yer0g  It unfortunately hasn't got the Baywatch scene in it 
up and packed, looking at a gorgeous sunny beach but have to leave to go back to Sao Paulo. Want to swim in the sea!!!!!!! 
im so twitter illiterate!!  hopeless 
@tommcfly : aaaw, poor Tom.  maybe you can swim later? hope you have fun, nevertheless. much love from Germany, you know.  xx
Back in Edinburgh, had great fun at Cox and Ginge's birthday  Had to leave before everybody woke up though  MOVING TODAY AAAAHH
@tommcfly Awwwwwwww poor Tom, your lucky your even there, i'm stuck in shitty belfast with no beautiful beaches 
aww the joys of the Britih sun!!! I think i'm letting this sun go to my head. This really is not good revising weather 
Being stuck at work on a Sunday night isn't my idea of fun. 
@RedWineBoy haha it is amazing. I'm up in Brum at the end of the month... I hear there's no beach  lol
D'oh! I can't believe 7-Eleven is out of hot dogs. That shit is wiggity. 
@Fuzzy2230 i have a class on 3rd  ARGHH even our classes arent togethr anymore!! ARGH!! :@
aww. I miss you so badly.  (myseventeen)
@tommcfly your sooo lucky..I wanna go and sunbathe on a sunny beach..for just one day lol..im stuck in the rain  xx
@TomSau Ergonomically - it's sound. Design - compliments PS3 (maybe even the slim!) but like you said...Grr @ analogue stick!  Oh well! 
I try not to be upset that I wasn't invited ... But I am 
Got too much sun yesterday so can't go outside &amp; enjoy the day properly  Will stick on BGT final to pass some time.
@vivmondo I was enjoying the game last night and then Twitter went apeshit 
My b-day party was fun.  Great friends around me.  I don't want to look on how much money I spent 
I am amazed at how sick being pregnant can make me. Barf what a way to start Sunday Funday 
@tommcfly tweet me back tom! pleasee?? im so happy for you! i want to meet you so badly!!  will that day ever come? xx
Woo my internet connection works outside but i can take a pic for daily booth cause my cam has broke  really upsett
@wilw Damn. I never get invited to the fun parties 
bleh...can't enjoy the day. a lot of work 
Ok nm no more zip car/ikea bc my boyfriend aka mr safe/antifun said it's too risky.  how do I buy furniture? Can someone drive me? :,(
Seven more hours of work  bored ! Someone text me keep me occupied  x
really excited for tomorrow.. but sadly 2 good things is happening at the same time  'tears'
@ellice_x aww noo! this stupid hayfever shouldn't prevend you from enjoying lovely weather!  xx
@Orchidflower Glad you got assistance - hope your throat recovers soon, although it'll probably feel strange for a while yet 
@ellice_x aww noo! this stupid hayfever shouldn't prevent you from enjoying lovely weather!  xx
The weather is wonderful, and I have to work. 
@stePRINCE no you don't want to be dead,  you depressed person! 
history coursework on the last day of the holidays, oh funnn! 
Was really enjoying mtv, but now i am being forced to watch cbeebies... 
Repulled something involved in basic rib function. Back to square one. Can hardly move 
Feels  a little   1st yr of uni has flown by... Heres to next year, a whole new experience &amp; even more fun! Flat mates, u rock!
@JackAllTimeLow missed out on tickets to your adelaide show! not happy 
this week: maths, english lang, french, french, english lang, chemistry.....NO OPTIONS . fun 
@TiffLacey Thanks for the #followfriday!  I forgot to even do one this week-things got a bit hectic. 
sooooooooo frickin tired and feel sick.. yaaaayy im so excited 
Hey @MGChilslett ! Why no coming to NZ on your next tour? Thats not cool  please do come over we would love you even more for it!! :]
Sitting with a temper bed cover over my bed Reading all my p.e notes. I will not be going outside as I do not enjoy the sun 
@MadisonThomson She was absolutely fantastic- diversity were on the same level as her though and it had to be one of them 
Oh dear littleun all upset cos she wants to go out with the boys &amp; not stay for the bday lunch with my sister &amp; her &quot;friend&quot; 
Beautiful, hot, sunny weather and I have to go to work. Moon will be out be the time I come in 
I think I realized I have ADD and it keeps me from falling asleep even when I am exhausted which is frustrating. 
Omg... Shut up birds, the sun isn't even up yet. 
(@saralee213) Omg... Shut up birds, the sun isn't even up yet. 
Wanna go outside but it's nut that sunny after all 
feeling upset for some reason dont like being alone 
@_psychichearts Yeah for awesome pet owners!! 
is in SUNNY SPAIN with the lads!! Missing her loads though 
I wouldve gotten Scion Xb if it's available here in Germany.  But it's not  So I got myself a Daihatsu Materia. I'm also very contented.
@JoshZombiez ah right ok, cheers for letting me know! not that Id be able to go if anything happens anyway unfortunately 
need to stay FOCUSSED, the sunny weather is distracting me from my studies 
... always a fun way to finish the weekend... next week has suddenly started looking very sleep deprived 
I have sun burn  one day in the sun and i burn grr, no fair
@NonGSter @underexpose business professional even in twitter... nice! I'm waiting for sapporo for under 300B 
Noisy songbirds woke me up! Evidently angry with me about the feeder being low.  
Watched Patric 1,5 at #outtakes  tonight. Very funny Swedish film. That was my last one 
so unfair...having to revise on such a nice day 
Misguided attempt to start convo about Leeds barcamp reaching out to teens has left me feeling frustrated with myself. Excess enthusiasm. 
@LucieMinor I Am SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO jealous  wants to go beach. :'(
Ugh must go clean the hamsters cage,  oh the joys
@trswift i had a lot of fun. and it was freezing 
Ive missed nickelodeon award that was showed on tv  bt ive had fun wiff my family 
Wifey is not happy. This is her&gt;&gt;   cos i went back to sleep instead of helping out with kids. /sits on naughty stair.
Sunday, I really enjoy your laid back style however when your over it's Monday  http://myloc.me/2b0z
stupid itunes. decided it couldn't find my music anymore. like i'd never even been there... 
@fuzzypigz I have a guinea pig too!  I don't even eat him!  Will get a pic of Ruffles, his bro Rojo just passed.    (Sam the Cowdog)
Just dropped of my doggy @ the pet hotel; he is excited am sad 
Today i was dreaming with mcfly: i went to their show and dougie wrote   an &quot;autografo&quot; for me! Amazing!!! Missing them here...  Translate
@rwdave Sounds like fun! I've got all of yesterdays work added onto todays since yesterday was an utter washout for me 
trying to psychically will @PokeyBunny to wake up and bring me a happy daze $4 breakfast special. I wish they delivered 
@loveisonitsway i love youu girllyyy :] i got a bargain dress, and my mum got shoes. i never got my gladiators 
Im annoyed that I slept through the hotel's fried breakfast dispite my sisters best efforts to wake me  Ah well, beach &lt;3
Dangit!! All these AMAZING bands are in Seattle now. Why Seattle? Because SC sucks... 
Morning Sweetheart! You're totally right about that, it was nightmare, but it still felt amazing to be with him  Hope u have a GREAT day!
#Spymaster must a very, very secret society because NO ONE is willing to explain it! NOT FAIR! 
Ugh I tried and failed to get a nice looking passport photo. It's not fair, my metro pass photo is fierce 
maths. history. science. business. media. textiles. very annoyed 
@cramstr27 oh great! we will have soooo much fun as usual!  poor alix rest in peace 
@ToastedFrenchie Morning! ur totally right about that, it was nightmare, but it still felt amazing 2 b with him  Hope u have a GREAT day!
So not excited for School                
@loopylou15 yep, very funyyyyyyyy (:. i really need to do something, i  seriously cant be in the house when its like this outside 
Sitting in house arrest/quarantine until we get the swabs back. Way to start a sunny Sunday 
i bought a kinder egg yesterday and the toy was a little plastic cat.. WTF! i didnt even get to build it! building its the fun part 
Excellent evening out with for #steakTUB, but I may whinge tomorrow about @thefoxhotel. Cheap food, but shouldn't be cheap service. Sorry 
a day of upsets  Susan Boyle looses and so does Lebron and Cavs http://plurk.com/p/xdufk
Need some Oompa-Loompa's to clean the house &amp; sort out his paperwork if its going to be done in a day &amp; it's a sunny day too 
upEARLY. rain. work. 1st of the month is TOMORROW!      ...i need something to cheer me up today or i may get very depressed.
Ahh its a lovely day, so happy &amp; relaxed :] ugh work on Monday 
@sarcasmoo I KNOW we even had hail today it was crazy. I had a 15 minute hike to the railway station in it  But yeah, thank god for liz ..
Oh noes. Why are so many people upset today? 
@valeriegp oh happy birthday!!!! Sorry I was unawares 
@nere13 awesome! hey talk to you later ok? homework homework homework SUCKS!  xoxo
i would enjoy going into the sun but i need sun tan lotion. ouchie burny skin. 
@missjmar omg it IS freaking gorgeous! Had sooo much fun, wish I remembered to take a picture of that beautiful waterfall 
phillip chappell i love even if you are wrecking my twitter stop pressing the numbers  x x
@QueenofScots67 no that is not allowed either, I would be exceedingly jealous 
@patrick_f henshaw left the show.    i'm not happy either. i thought it was a gimmick, but i checked, &amp; he's done. 
I'm glad that the USBL is on instead of that island show. But it just isn't the same as the Aus series 
Religion revision  and its so sunny  out side which makes it worse  xo
@lilyroseallen did susan boyle not win??? harsh on her 
Good Morning   Time to do, Jasmines nappy head! What fun! 
i don't working when it's sunny like this, especially being a sunday as well 
@thelifeofjmike sorry i couldn't make it  is it true you threw up on a waitress? LOL Happy Birthday! Go Lakers!
@Rove1974 OK, now that the show's over tell me: did she confirm? I missed the start  Pete's Space was funny though!
@bluntmag and i'm superrrrrrrr jealous of you  i wanna have beers with alex ha
had a amazing time last night, liams house however did not.. 
@PennyAsh It's a Colmanara Wildcat  Fortunately, it does have one other teeny spike the cat hasn't found yet, and is now out of reach!
@omgirlie wtf? Will never brag about sleeping again. And you're not even here to make me a pickle n bean pickle sando. 
Wishing I could be with tom tommorow for his nans funeral 
Just saw a really funky summer man bag shame its 100 pounds 
does not like to breath sodium hypochlorite... even if they call it bleach... with some pretty flower odor... my throat is again annoyed 
Im tiredddddd!  howerever this Air mattress was an amazing idea!!! While it lasted, glad its over!
@ensredshirt Booo... Don't mention Vancouver to me. I'm getting jealous. Too far away from here . And Stargate never comes to Belgium 
Ok, last marathon of biology revision starts now, joy 
wired up on waffles, cake and coffee. now back to thesis writing. while it's sunny outside. My milky-white appearance in still intact. 
Nicest day of the year so far, and I am trapped inside the house revising and ILL!!!  Fantastic.
I wish God wud show me the detailed plan sometimes..im just not happy 
wired up on waffles, cake and coffee. now back to thesis writing. while it's sunny outside. My milky-white appearance is still intact. 
hmm. cant think of somethin to do.. haha. boooored  haha! rainy evenin. haha woooo. might stay up late again. argghh. insomnia!
@shaneokeeffe ROVE  totally forgot! dam dam dam dam dam dam  im so upset now. this night just keeps getting worse! paolo and now this 
@NovaWildstar I think I am, but when I even contemplate going back to work I seem to backslide a lot 
 stuck inside revising &amp; my throat KILLS! at least it's sunny :o)
I guess the issue I face isn't really other people wanting to or not, even though I might sometimes feel annoyed that &quot;no one wants me  &quot;.
Woke up with major pain in my right hand - no clue where it's coming from, but it's no fun 
@drink_feck_arse that requires precision aim and i don't trust myself to get it first time, i'll just make it angry 
@Gailporter ahh yur killing me with jealousy  stuck inside revision for finals!x
@katiesantry happy birthday for tomoroo!! I have an exam tomorro 
@ch1stnut1 ARGH your birthday party was totally super awesome dude!! Loved it massively  BAH revision  otherwise  xx
@Wossy is making fun of us country folk this morning.    But I really do have to go feed horses and cows.
@charelle unfortunately she did not win 
#DSLRRemote #iphoneapp unfortunately no #Nikon version yet  http://bit.ly/flILQ
@CoCoMaiPhillips I don't think it's worth it. I felt like I'd been bumped even when I watched it online 
I STILL can't believe it...why do I even attempt to watch sports; this one is almost as bad as 2005 Bengals first round exit. DAMNIT CAVS 
@Dward hahaha I enjoy you thoroughly Edward lol Sorry we missed you Friday night 
@gfalcone601 I shared my birthday with the McFly album release i was so happy but didn't get it for a month after cause of where i live 
@JulieKuhn have fun today loveee I'm sorry I can't come 
Good morning .. It's still dark .. Awesome way to start your day 
Good evening morphing to bad evening whilst waiting-waiting.. 
@AmazingPhil Dang that sucks 
Dreamhost, Trac, one-click install: index.fcgi is missing, never got confirmation e-mail. I already got excited 
@Adriana_twifan @tracyw1981 i have mtv but they don't even air it here untill thursday which totally sucks 
@KittyBeed I love everything about Lorraine you couldn't even make her up!   hope your singe-ing gets better, i get scorched yest 
@tommcfly so unfair           
Ohayo gozaimasu! Insanely jealous that my husband gets to go climbing on such a beautiful day. Ankle recovery program says *NO* to me. 
Jealous of the neighbours bbq! I want one. 
@stephwin i wasn't excited too [after those news] &amp;&amp;same with me 
Diversity were amazing, but I am sad Susan Boyle didn't win it - not sure why BGT 
So last day of Queen's b'day weekend begins. Should really be trying to sleep, 6 hours til get up 4 work  no fun working public holidays..
sun burned and extremely frustrated. 
It's beautiful outside! I want to enjoy it! But alas I am stuck inside like a recluse, revising my arse off for these sodding exams  FAIL.
@Pockless Sadly not, we were good boys and sat indoors even though all we wanted was sunshine and lolly pops... 
grrrrr where is everyone??? enjoying the sun i expect! 
@sweetiesal brilliant thanks chicka but I feel HORRIBLE now 
my old computer is very unhappy....and dooooomed 
@stewie__ Gee, don't even wait forty minutes till your poor girlfriend gets home from work! 
@hintswen since a few weeks ago - awesome additions, but thwarted my plans 
so depressed now 
Couple more hours left to relax and then it's time to head to work. Late shift tonight unfortunately 
i need a date for my friend's prom-themed birthday partay.  KASI NAMAN! (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/xe3kn
@kthnxbi Why angry and sad? 
@lunglock it could even speak to me 
No professional lighting, no touchups, you can even see all the grey hair! The REAL Deal!! EGHHHHHHH!! Kids!....Can't have anything!! 
Annoyed with iTweet again. It won't upload pictures so you can't see my lovely muffins 
Hull KR v Warrington; awesome game, awful result  can't believe wer outta the cup it feels like xmas has been cancelled!!
@jonsac What upsets me more than anti-semitism is the fact that the 'antiracist left' don't give a crap.  awful abt ur synagogue
@joyfulfortress aww  i would so become a vegetarian
physcial for the CDC on base.  I was going to hit the open highway yesterday but my funds are limited, what a girl to do? 
@FadiaKader http://tinyurl.com/m3zgpx ATL promoters really need to get together more so good Hip Hop events don't fall on the same night 
edinburgh was amazing! was so sunny! the same in abdn today! lizzy left yesterday, i miss her already! its so boring without her 
on my way to church...had fun last night but im too tired .sh0outs outs to the home team![i def burned a hole in da sidepanel of my car] 
@rizzle_d 48 fillings?! Seriously? That's horrible.. I felt sick looking at that stuff, I don't even wanna imagine what it's like to eat 
i havent watched the news all day !  i didnt even watch it yday 
Back in En-ger-land. Boo hoo!  At least the L.A sunshine has followed us home. Had an AMAZING time. Back to reality 
getting distracted by omgpop.com ... erghhh its so fun! but i gotta do art 
Enjoying my first day off after 4 weeks by sleeping all day!!..Lierally! Haven't moved a muscle and don't plan to..back to the grind tomm 
@chrishsleeps I know  I miss it sooo soooo much!!! &quot;seven sizzling sausages&quot; epic fail.
Sitting in work while the sun is shining  wish I could be out enjoying it. Now I just have to resist the urge to poop until I get home
Hangover from hell... any quick fix cure so I can enjoy the sun without throwing up?! Hydration is the key I feel 
im so jealous right now 
argh.. will be missing the rock en seine festival in france by a couple of days.. oasis, bloc party, keane + many other awesome acts. 
&quot;It was nice meeting you, now It'll be difficult for me to forget about you&quot;   Why is like so unfair? GRRR
happy bday to my friend, Laura!! ;) last exams tomorrow!!  havin' a badd coldd. 
Cooking is not always fun !! 
@volvoshine http://twitpic.com/6bukd - im jealous now 
@charmbreezy http://twitpic.com/4jbet - I need 2 decorate my ish too, I'm OFFICIALLY jealous!  lol.
ok, this stomach ache is not funny anymore! 
Ben and Jerry's has a new ice cream flavour and it's awesome! But you have to go to Vaughan Mills to get it 
@rockchick_30 Good afternoon ! 	 Enjoy the sun here 's the rain  have a beautiful day kiss #marsiscoming #30SECONDSTOMARS
Oh weather, you are so deceiving. This morning looks like amazing kayaking weather, but the evening will be t-storms  No boats for me!
i'm really enjoying the hot sun in my wonderful garden. BUT there's a child in the neighborhood who plays on the flute. it's horrible 
ahahahaaaaa. rove is amazing !  the medics were great. so unexcited for lunch class at school tomorrow 
ahh make that seven thirty. been in bed for an hour and i still can't sleep 
@Itsjustme_Nicki Oh,tell him Ana says &quot;Have fun!&quot;...I'm doing my laundry too...  What's the time there?
@ElizaJF is angry at me 
....on my left side, but not even one red spot on my right side or neck??????...... It fucking hurts!!! 
@dailycoyote That's just terrible   I get upset when my family does that, can't imagine strangers doing it.
SO FRUSTRATED. Can't work out why this is happening. Very annoyed. Clearly I depend far too much on internets. 
is going back to work... not too happy!! 
doesn't feel so good. Good evening everybody. (sick)  http://plurk.com/p/xe9j4
@timlovejoy LOVEJOY!!! Why did you stop doing soccer am?? 
@shawnee_dj Yep, im soo damn jealous!  But atleasy he's happy. =]
Thank you to everyone who came to see us at The Forum last night. We had such a fun night but we're now sad that the tour is over 
my amazing Mum and Dad are coming to save me from the boredom of Preston  i'm so fed up with no one being here!! 
@maxcarver i wanna g to la too.  my fav city is san francisc. it'd be awesome 
its so sunny, and i'm stuck inside really ill 
up all night; still upset. great. 
need my venom comics! THEY'RE VANISHED, DISAPPEARED.. ''POOF'' GONE! neverrrrrr! k, ima read Quest instead  .. its fun though, dont laugh!
Sunshine and a nice day, 60km into the race, my chain decides to wander off and break some spokes in the rear -&gt; DNF= me annoyed 
@loisyoung92 you're so lucky its your last exam *jealous much?* its only my second 
@personaljesuss babe I love ur livejournelle. Funny shit. God I'm going to miss having u and aly being in the same sch 
Internet was sown at result show of BGT  I AM SOOOO HAPPY DIVERSITY WON!
@ninjaavie89 yeah ken al the gd yins are taken  it ne fair yeah probs will be am headin af will tlk later
@makingsunshine no la hahaha it's my gramma. She has a lil dementia and couldn't even walk from the entrance to her room without support 
Reading this article about Intel Nehalem is making me want a Core i7 even more  My Core 2 Duo e6300 has more than enough power though...
Home alone wheezing, coughing etc. Not fun. 
oh auckland. why are you so cold and miserable 
seriously kids don't leave homework till the last day it's no fun 
working   but happy that McCafe has come to Po-town at last!
too upset to work 
@gulpanag sundays without the business calls is always fun... but sadly we get only few sundays like that 
 Have sooo much to revbise I don't even get to go church. Boo to exams
Celebrating my 3 year anniversary, wish he was local  damn military...
@sophistifunk People say it's a great movie. I'll have to wait until the DVD. 
@DougWare No F9? Not fun. 
Water problem at apartment in bangalore, eventhough its raining... Now tats wierd 
I feel like Rock Band loves me. Taking back Sunday added last week, 2 songs from @coheed this week. AWESOME. to bad my drum pedal broke. 
Why Cant I FInd Ani A Me Frends Twitters.? Nah Fair. 
@AliceAguera yep... i got excited cause @Pink will be on, but not in the studio...  
Went to bed at 2:30 up @ 5 and on my way to work   what could be worth no sleep? @yourboykj @the roxy...AMAZING!!
@CharlesParry I think one of the Porn stars deleted me, harshness 
Just seen early teaser trailer for Toy Story 3  eeeeeee! Psyched! ....even if it isnt out for over a year 
@tommcfly own Tom i wish i could meet you  you were amazing yesterday!
Not having fun at work!! It's such a nice day and I'm stuck indoors 
Its 0551. Bagel shop #1 opens at 0800.  I hope #2 is open or there be a very unhappy Mark...
just finished colouring my hair i had to way to much grey popping up and i'm not even 30 yet 
back from spain!  it was so much fun! we went 2 all the hot spots and went shopping in some very cool spots!!!!!!!!
@tommcfly tom, the show in brasilia, was amazing, was my birthday, and i love you sow much, why aren't you talking to me ? 
@Rosie61 I'm at Marwell zoo with Tracey! Don't want to go back home today  Enjoy shopping!
@staceyBEAR yeah I didn't even sleep that well last night and the tablets aren't working 
@XlilmissdeppX awww I know the feeling!! Revising for human bio and health and social  Good luck with it, you'll do awesome ;D
So, too much sun yesterday isn't fun   BUT were headed out to E3 soon!!!
@pdurham I'm being lazy too, but gotta study after dinner time, how miserable. 
@Matthew1820: Omg, tell Jen I'm so sorry about her precious iphone passing away. Maybe we could have a funeral for it. LOL 
A sunny day but stuck in work, sad times 
@MorgothsBalrog omggggg. I'm so jealous! Have funnnn! Tell @marcweil I said Hi and why isn't @heytakeiteasy there 
wants to enjoy the sun but is stuck in revising again! 
@StuffByEd The track is &quot;This Is Fake D.I.Y.&quot; by Bis, who are awesome and came out of Scotland about 10 years ago. And now I feel old 
@vonbourbon im glad youre feeling clearer! btw, did you get my answer phone message yesterday? had no credit when you text cabaret sos 
@Gracethomo I'm home too now  Spain was really good and dead funny! If I go again I will try go on some rides hahaa!
@aravindkumar what are you guys doing today then? I thought I missed all the fun 
@nelsonmaud I wished I could have joined the fun a little more, but I was busy last night with work! 
Nice nd sunny 2day but reli borin sadly in all day just listenin 2 avril wanna go out lol 
@comesaturday we're unlucky!  it's quite sunny here too!
yesterday, i went to an end of the year beach party and it was amazing!...... now i have sunburn 
Paris is livid! she has snapped her strap on her new high heels...more expensive 
Missing another sunday @newspring  praying for God to do incredible things at every service, every campus! GET READY @NEWSPRING!
@bigrobsforreal yesterday, i went to an end of the year beach party and it was amazing!...... now i have sunburn 
@gabysslave I miss Barry Scott and he's not even a real person 
Kinda glad I didn't go out today, this coursework won't do itself 
@architeuth1s I'm so upset 
Sunny day again wooo... which is going to be full of revision 
@vene2ia Am back for a few days,maybe a week!Have posted some pics of flinders ranges as pretty amazing.Marree itself is not much 
In the garden doing some maths revision, oh the joys! But I have burnt shoulders, already  Dammit! ..
@ddlovato Omg changeling IS amazing! Angelina Jolie is such an amazing actress! It's even more sad though bc it's true 
A nice sunny day but too windy to fly 
What a cute little southern wedding that was! So happy for David and Rachael! Spending time with the fam today, cuz tomorrow we leave 
wanted to go to Miracle Ride but no chance. It's such a beautiful day and I can't enjoy it they way I want. 
glade interface designer is PRIMITIVE!  its about time that sm1 makes a new one!
just got back from the worshiping team. it's really hard for me to look happy on Church when two people i love passed away 
Good morning Tweeps!! This is the day that the Lord has made let us rejoice and be glad in it! Pray 4 me I have a sinus infection 
@LA_WHITE  I wish I could go to cali! Have fun, how long are you going down for?
finally a relaxing evening... PCD n Gaga rocked it last night, shame dj marky cancelled for the DnB event fri  the replacement was baddd
@hartluck wish i was back in sydney  oh well, only 5 days til i am!go eat @ a place called eating world, tis awesome, if u like asian food
I know I can still go, and I will, but tomorrow is a Monday AND June 1. It was awesome for the mild OCD I have. I'm just a little annoyed 
Damn Damn Damn My funday/Sunday is all ova 
dreading tomorrow  *is depressed*
is in the worst mood ever. even night at the museum 2 couldn't cheer me up..and i love ben stiller!! 
@angryladybug hope your poor neck isn't superpainful today 
Ah woke up toooo early  on the plus ide this dream was pretty awesome
@KyanYap u enjoy yourself there ya!!! hav fun dear...miss u @ urbanattic last nite 
really wish i had a &quot;lets walk down the street without a top on cuz its sooo sunny&quot; kinda body 
enjoyed it while it lasted 
@leahreneemusic Your coming home to Toronto???? if you are i am soooo happy if you arent  cry cry
Dang going to church instead of sleeping!  oh no no fun...... Id rather go to back to bed but oh well....... Text me please!
WTF! im sick of everyone been soo jealous of Gee and Lyn-Z.  And Lyn-Z aint noo fucking whore. get over urselfs...GERARD LOVES HER! &lt;3
Busy with schoolstuff.. trying to gratuade and not enjoying the good weather!! 
I'm desperately looking for a diamond 3D heart necklace from London's Topshop that was on sale like 2 months back. Can't find it now 
I woke up ... angry 
@wholesick I didn't go  majorly annoyed. It was my housemate's last night so I had to stick in Lincoln, met Bradley from S Club! Haha.
is working on a sunny sunday. 
waking up hangover to go watch demetri play soccer is so not fun ugh 
Back to work after an awesome 3 days off  Also I played the best game of pool in my life last night!
yooooooooo. study day today .. again  im so happy if its wednesday! never ever back to that school! ;D
I'm all surfed out now. Web is a bit dodgy here, even with 100% wifi signal. Oh well. Burger King is closed atm  Hungry...
@dwallen1 Very nice.. Wud luv to enjoy the sun but it's shaded and chilly on our balcony. 
wants to enjoy the sunshine but is feeling icky today, 
@DinosaurrsRawrr after half term?! im so jealous 
Going out to enjoy the sun - after history essay that is  'Does Haig deserve the reputation as the butcher of the somme' GREAT :\
@dagolion Mornin' to you!!! I gave up on Twitter last night... Had to walk away &amp; not let it make me angry...  
thinks she may miss BGMT even more than BGT!! No more Stephen Mulherne 
is really depressed...  http://plurk.com/p/xemta
Disappointed that i cant even search my own name 
I dont enjoy feeling sick  tryin to sleep it off.
@thushanfernando awesome news about the speeds but Chrome is abusing MajorVersion 
It's too hot, sunny is good but the heat is bad 
Is cravin that crazy awesome european portuguese summertime partytime vibe with good food! Not getn it in s.a. Tho 
@CatSash saammee as, i hate exams  but i cant wait till summer hols when we can properly enjoyy the sunn! x
cleaning my bedroom.  so funny how it gets dirty when no one is sleeping over any more 
@psalmist_one Okay I seriously didn't realise the bible held such amazing words, I used to be Christian but I kinda lost my faith 
A slight breeze has picked up now  but still very bright &amp; sunny!
@FlyNerd: LOL @ house party scenario. Like Kat Williams said ppl don't know how 2 have fun anymore. 
@allconsoffun doncha hate when that happens. 
@JollyMom I love that yogurt-they used to sell it at our Sam's Club but stopped carrying it fa few months ago 
@steph_davies Very hard! But it's fun anyway. Hahaha. Why isn't he replying to meee. 
@DavidArchie Styx is one of my favorite bands! unfortunately, i can't go to their concert.  my mom is though! lol
k well im back from visotin and i had a little bit of fun and i had to go to the hospital last night from 630pm-11pm  no fun at all!!!!!
FFS http://tinyurl.com/l8pcvj - makes me angry! 
I am soo annoyed right now i cant watch nadal play and i have to watch stupid murray 
Playing with iTunes DJ between my nc10 &amp; the Touch. Quite good fun, I had to install iTunes anyway after PC death 
@veepveep id be happy going to the Hamptons just once!  I miss my NY. 
Well, I don't have apendicitis, but I do have work related stress illness. My stomach has too much acid.  they're running more tests.
No seems to be the answer to the question about the MacBook screen use, outside on a sunny day. I miss my matte screen 
yay for diversity! even though i wanted shaheen to win ! 
back on the road leavin NY  had 2 much fun and miss home already.
my sister woke me up at like 7  im tireddd. i hope today is fun...
@Mollyworld sounds amazing. How did the yard sale go? I wanted to come but I had to work. 
hols to me this year isn't going to be fun...  no total resting or relaxing at all! study study study! wth!
excellent sun and park - sadly too far from pembroke or gower to enjoy today 
Still upset about my Cavs.... 
Early morning and long day tomorrow  I'm getting depressed just thinking about it :'(
excited for mtv movieeeee awards ! v. tired from antics last night though 
damn the kids and their school trips  just had to go and spend my nk cruise/concert fund 
is not excited for tomorrow. 1st day of school. awww.  nakakatamad.
Thank you @jonpratt. I'm going 2 check it out!  I've not identified my school district, &amp; do believe public criticism may pose some risk 
Didnt go to LMHR concert cause was ill  and my bruva met skepta, im jealous lol
Anyway, I'm really hoping that postives happen today since negatives were NONSTOP last night... 
@UzimaCollective morning lovely! i didn't even see you posted a msg 2 me- sorry 
Packing for a week in Chicago. Last min trip for a funeral  BUT get to see some wonderful relatives &amp; honor a great man.
Buon Giorno All! Sunny+chilly 2day. Mom's visiting,she wants 2 'help' meaning wants 2 clean my house her way!What happ. 2 relaxing Sunday 
@Holly_Baugh Hate to cut this short..I have to go to work  BOO!  I will catch up with you later this evening?
@dialsoap hahaha I will NEVER have that problem, even in heels 
@pico just feel bad for them  even I've talked to them sometimes. I dont like their tweets. Howww? :O
Belly seriously not playing fair today  I should have regulated the food and coke intake yesterday, me thinks.. bah! 2.5hrs left! 
@cloverdash Still annoyed at stuff yesterday, and having to spend most of the day at the in-laws. I want to be at home 
@DougWare Glad that helped! Too bad about the other shortcuts, though. 
sooooooo upset that i missed Mitchel Musso and Drew Seeley's concert at Darien last night. You don't even understand. 
@dannisaywhat rofl. mine just lashes out, it's like &quot;yeah im happy&quot; then starts hissing  is your's male or female?
have my godmother round with her family for the weekend! its really hot and sunny but there are now clouds  x
@salandpepper Jealous! I wish I still had half of Sunday to go.. bed time soon for me   *throws little tantrum*
@dYWibisono, but unfortunately my house's area doesn't reach the signal of the first media  so ?...
@MikkaDinah @Carmita_Guerra LOL!! Unfortunately yes! I've got to find some headphones with a mic, and finish the email! 
@karalinagirl well you don't have to make all of us jealous 
I missed so many episodes of 'Gossip Girl'. Really REALLY not happy about it.          
@daphnemaia oh no what unfortunate circumstances  i actually want to rent a whole place and share instead of renting a room!
It's amazing how one word from certain people can make you instantly feel great or instantly feel miserable 
I miss internet and a functioning computer. I feel cut off. 
And back to revision  not fun!
I just woke up  im soooo annoyed cuz i only slept 9 hours and i need more then that
@WyldDarkHeart I know, I'm jealous you met him.. I still like him.  I thought he'd be our next president. 
Can't belie Bath Gang Show is over for another year  Definitely an awesome show this year guys, love u all xxxxxx
@aznumis Nope - I know she lives in Thembisa but I don't know where - I dont know any family or friends. I don't even know if she's legal 
Prefer calm Sunday bells &amp; birds to the crude obnoxious rap &quot;music&quot; that woke me at 3:20 a.m.  
@rodrigosantoro I'm jealous! I'm going to the beach today too...but no surfing 
Drinking Vitamin water ... even though it's horrible for you  oh well lol
My foot is still sore and I'm still stuck inside revising  Just want to get out and do something. Girls just want to have fun!!
everybody is asleep...  not fair, i'm goin through my no sleep stage again, it comes and goes. we'll see...
Well I survived the crazy w/e-it just keeps gettin colder and colder in Sydney-NOT HAPPY sharkies beat the Eels..DEVO! back 2 work 2moro 
been a boring weekend after a wonderful week! Such is life. 
it's too sunny to revise 
Keri I love sunny days too however I'm stuck working inside and don't get to enjoy it 
going to play xbox even tho its a real nice day out side but yet again not doing anything 
@Joanne84 you do realise we are actually on the same team? -You just nicked '24,680 from my singapore safehouse fund 
im back for a while. a little frustrated at dad for not letting me go out  urrghh. parents eh?
just woke up!! if i was a movie star i would be getting ready for the mtv m.a... but i can only enjoy it by sitting infront of the tv 
Just made a pot of coffee and found my highlighters... yay for a fun filled day of studying.... 
Just enjoying the sun... shame i can't get a tan! not allowed out long enough 
Wieviele Events kann man eigentlich mit #Google #Analytics per _trackEvent anlegen? #Possible #Showstopper 
yay! SpongeBobs's on  and its also creaming soda hour join me Bradie? ;d, OMG i have a stalker and no its not Bradie Webb unfortunately 
@stryke303 I know. I barely made it to Space tbh. I feel terrible about not going Friday. Glad to hear it went well though. 
@darklord1  Very quite here, got one goth/ebm club and a few alternatives one.. nothing as fun as London 
i've cheated on my diet so badly this weekend..  lots of chocolate and even had minimum chips from the fish &amp; chip shop today for lunch! 
got to go for lunch now, oh joy! im feeling really lazy right now so i really really dont want to move but im going to have too  byeee!
Awwwww. Getting read for church. Then Occasionally Im going to clean my room VERY VERY good. Hah, Fun for me 
Not even an ice cold shower made me feel awake 
ARGH! Work is up the creek again, and even though I'm not on call you can bet it's all I'll be doing for the rest of today 
Packin up the contents of my flat, ready to move to cromwell st! - wanna go play in the sun tho!  but home on tuesday to see my family! 
The not-so-fun part of writing: sending checks to publishers for books sold; must get them done today. 
Getting ready to go to work ugh i dont want to go.  It is sunny and nice out today.  Rain for the next 2 days 
AWESOME!!! Bill &amp; Teds Excellent Adventure is on TV :0).....oh.....ive gotta fix stuff 
Having hard time deciding whether to buy the discontinued Eureka Seven Nirvash toy from Evil-bay at twice it's original price from 2005. 
its' sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sunny ...... through the studio window  Wonder if I can take all this stuff onto the roof??
Back in Scotland now  I miss Disneyland :/ I want to go to back to Paris, it's amazing :O
Well nothings happened yet. Is that because everyone else is out enjoying the sun?  I'm at home with a poorly boy covered in spots. 
how unfair that my mum is not letting me make banoffee pie today 
IT work  .... drag low brow boringness zzz school tomorow .. even worse !agghh 
Why is it always when I'm awake eveyone else is asleep?  need talkage, it's not even midnight yet. 
I have school tomorrow which means... NO TWITTER &amp; BONES UNTIL I GET HOME    I am annoyed !
Still on plane even tho we've parked. Now waiting for the stairs to attach &amp; then bus to terminal   #BAsucks  http://twitpic.com/6bymf
@ntoll That sucks. It proves that even good frameworks suffer from people who ignore best practices. 
R.I.P. Shane Fair 
Just watched a pretty amazing episode of C.S.I .. damnn.. back to life tomorrow 
Was looking for 'Just for fun' a biography on Linus Torvalds...  Downloaded some crap instead of d actual ebook! 
Can't wait for the MTVmovie awards! Won't see it till tomorow though.  Soo hope Twilight gets best kiss. Will be sooo funny!
@PiercedPanda_x Know how you feel, am stuck in doing work and all I want to do is go for a drive and enjoy the sun 
@howard74 LOL - but sad but true, as you said howard  even my cat is smilling to those promises! http://www.twitpic.com/3cjdv
When comedians aren't funny at all and the audience is really quiet...I get embarassed and uncomfortable for them. Ur job isn't working. 
At moses. About to pass out. Missing my baby  hope she has fun 
@Alyssa_Milano Awww. isn't he beautiful! It's very hard to leave them...  They are always so happy to see you when you come home tho...
i have science homework, so stupid; i'm meant to be enjoying my holiday. 
blah tweet to start the day: working today starting at 11am. I always burn myself on nacho cheese at the fairgrounds 
I Changed My Mission From 10 People To 5 Cuz Its So Hard. Even 5 People Dont Respond To Me Anymore  @silkyninja
@gangtapes jealous!! I wanna go shopping 
am ejoying my weekend.but i'm sad to know that Indonesia wants to boycott Malaysia 
not a happy bunny, lens has died (or dying painfully judging by noise it's making), now I've got to figure out how to return to sigma 
Didnt go to the TetraPak Milk event at High Street Due to rains.  huhu. Sorry friend!
Grrr they don't have the awesome last track either  : &quot;Finally, as That Blazing Sun Shone Down Upon Us, Did We Know That True Enemy Was...
Hiya twitpeeps!!! Sorry I haven't been on in a while, I was grounded from many things that gave me joy  I'm back!! Watching Lars and th...
@PaoMiami PH just posted some Shit again  +vero is angry+
Is sat in his garden all on his own  but enjoying the sun shine
one of my best friend is going through mental disaster... can't find any word powerful enough to console him... feeling so hopeless... !! 
Argh!!! I hate living across from a church!  They have been ringing bells for the past 10 minutes!!!  I WAS blissfully asleep! 
; sundaay   . but at least its sunny out!
@savioseb Missed u @ campies-nobody to take good pics of me!  hehe. i'm glad u found my very limited knowledge useful!
@Heatherrrr_ haha spazzz ;) and i know, i've only just got dressed!! omggg, but i feel better now, revision sucks sheep!! its so sunny 
Ugh, screw you addison. I'm so jealous 
@therealjoelted awesome it lucky! Haha, their shows over 18 where I live 
@Go_Follow_Heli im so jealous. haha. i havent been to any of those places  i go to San Beda its here in the Philippines ;)
Has has a picnick and was happy but realized it's maths tomorrow 
Its my bday 2day and my grandma didnt even say happy birthday!!!! 
Ah, rain. Why are you making me feel depressed? 
monday, monday monday blues...   and its not even monday
@EyEcAnDiiii @SidSync @tmm729   I've used all my cotton picking pto days.  but that sounds like a great time. U guys have fun  i'm sad
upset that gas prices are on the rise. AGAIN. 
Just woke uppp.. and I'll be studying all day  on this beautiful sunny day ... *
@_veritas you SHOULD have drunk tweeted. I would have enjoyed reading them! 
we're finally off to Ox. to look for the blessed ring. couldn't face driving myself. bet it's not there 
its sunny now but it just rained so all the bike trials are too muddy for me to ride 
Sunny sheff and i have to revise!  , stupid business test!
Good Sunday morning!  It's a nice, sunny day here, but I have to spend it glazing 
getting ready for work. I hate working the weekends I always miss the fun 
i am listening to Mariah Carey - I stay in love with you getting depressed  because i am thinking bout Sam!
Having breakfast by the pool...awesome weather. Sunny and a slight breeze. We will leave for home in about an hour  http://mypict.me/2blC
Told mama abt him. And all tht ever came out frm their mouth was negative.  - http://tweet.sg
Enjoying coffee and NYT! Missing my little niece 
@thisgoeshere  being upset on #andyhurleyday .. that sucks!! sorry sweetie!!
@jepsipepsi awww rain?  it's so hot and sunny here in Ipswich 
So far, I'm being very unproductive....I haven't even started 
I'm offically half-less  Heading home to tidy up the wonderful chaos, and drown my sorrows in junk food. So proud of you, @joallen17!
not happy about the weather. Still not getting through more work though 
Car was sold, weekend involved buses and train trips.. Yay, enjoying the smell of people that doesn't seem to enjoy washing regularly.. 
Gardening done, took longer than expected but was worth it. Am covered in scratches and stings  Hope its still sunny next Sat for the BBQ!
I cant even chew grapes cut in 1/2. the only thing I can eat is yogurt &amp; even that is a chore (not to mention insanely painful!)   
Diversity was pretty awesome. There was a beautiful rainbow in the sky yesterday, but no pot of gold 
I'm gettin ready 4 church n feelin upset that I'm missin tha 9am service smh I luv 1st service 
fighting with my mom before 9am is always a sign its going to be a fun day 
Not too happy &amp; quite frustrated...Trying to turn things around to the positive.  Side note:  I'll be studying earth science.. all day.  
Was excited to see &quot;Biopharmaceutical&quot; as trending topic, but sad to see it was just spam 
Trying to wake up - it's been a long, long evening here again. 
Ireland, what happened to your gloomy weather 
movie date with the kids: night at the museum 2. had an enjoyable time even if DD did not 
One thing i don't like about being fluffy is they don't make big enough things..like a really awesome tie-dye sweatshirt from Vermont. 
Church this morning. I'm so happy I got sick right before my recital!  Now I can sing like crap and have a good reason. except for...no. 
Emergency debugging at the weekend ... Oh happy day ... 
I am now being dragged along to church..fun. 
now I'm sad  but &quot;Body Lotion&quot; makes me happy everytime I listen to it. Shah you're a genius!
@southerndelite I suppose they don't believe they amount to enough as themselves which would be sad - or maybe they want to upset others? 
Fishing didn't go well. It was almost 0 degrees on the water and super windy. Not fun  will retry next weekend.
@_jmac_ Unfortunately not  it's African drumming I think! The only Runrig I have is year of the flood, When the weather was not like this!
Hopeless 
ma brithday was amazing ,but feel like shit 
we r being rebels 2day and we're skippin church.  we r goin 2 brevins for bfast. we hope 2 enjoy the rest of the day.
@jejenpek yup!! I'm excited and upset at the same time.nat &amp;cha's going to malay  School's lame as usual -.-
@jeannebopp oh my god I'm so sorry girl  it isn't fair.
Bloody Fun Day: 99518.  I was only 482 points away from getting more points on my Kongregate account 
@Kellyox5 of course! im so excited! but its so sad that lauren wont be on anymore  and monday night Im a celeb get me out of here starts!
Unfortunately I didn't get a range level. Only got about 3k xp.  Ahh well, it's still something.
delighted Diversity won... SuBo needs to get ther head together, and publicity coaching! In work, missing the beautiful sunshine 
@chadfowler, I bought a copy of The Passionate Programmer at Amazon, I'm excited!, but I've to wait 3 weeks to it arrive to Venezuela 
Missing the doodles SO much already  but SO happy that @CarlyOwWing is here!!!!
4 hrs of sleep is NOT enough to function on anymore... I must be getting old! 
upset about the cavs...  anyway.... GO LAKERS!
Can't find the &quot;Chubby And Proud&quot; t-shirt in grown up sizes 
Now tired and annoyed at the bus. Going to be late for work 
wish i could download @sillett 's new version of the excellent shortwave log. unfortunately, the download link seems invisible to me. 
Oh the joy of being yelled at by mother... 
Morning all!! 1 hour bootcamp+3 hour carwash=O.U.C.H. It even hurts to tweet... 
did you forget that i was even alive? did you forget everything we ever had? 
is going to miss @atwossybookclub and House season 5 tonight. It is *so* not fair 
Bye bye michigan  it was an amazing weekend!
is awake... barely got any sleep... still depressed... fml 
Dayum. Work in the AM!?  o well....I actually enjoy this!
@ann_elizabeth yeah i secretly enjoyed the Chaucer, much more than She Stoops. I have loads of past essay questions but i hate doing them 
UGH ... I am even MORE sick this morning, my throat hurts worse, and my head is pounding    Wish I had a bf to take care of me lol  #fb
Enjoying the last day of half term. Birthday on Tuesday -at Walton on the Naze with hordes of Year 9's. Joy  
@__Anthony I lost 7 in an evening 
@simplyminda have fun biotch! sure you'll do a MUCH better job that moi 
I'm angry- it rains already 3 days 
@hblake13 I'm sorry... I didn't even watch the 2nd half.  Kind of knew at halftime it was pretty much done. 
Went to the terrace to capture some brilliant lightning. And then it starting raining 
@EricjTDF You're so mean to me yesterday  You didn't even say hi! 
Beach sounds kinda fun but it's gonna rain later.  
I would say Happy Sunday, but this June gloom is too depressing. Another day of clouds and overcast. All week s'posed to be. 
I don't even know anymore 
@killshining belated response! We're leaving tomorrow  otherwise i would have suggested playing at disney for a day.
OMG!!!!! He didnt even call me  ......we r soooo thru, our friendship is definitely over!! lol
i was too excited for my bday i slept 4 hours last night haha 
had an awesome day yesterday. shitloads of hwk to do now and this whole week 
@bambycaulfield sweating=no fun  you don't have a fan or something?
I don't feel well at all. Dizziness and vomit. No fun 
@joycerox what time is mtv awards on and which channle, i cant find it 
@indieicing Unfortunately not doing this full-time  But would be available regardless.
on another note...im not excited at all to go to work 2morrow. plus i have my biannual physical! ugh... blood work  i hate the needle..
@karlskidmore   Wish you a happy new life.
Trying to refine my music tastes to something more presentable. Don't make fun of me, Jesie.  At least I like Cake.
has no energy and is so warm it isnt fair  I know people love the heat but it makes me feel ill
You have no idea how messy my room is. Haven't even made the bed in 4 days - and I have no idea where my shorts are 
@Jasmine_Rey unfortunately he isn't here  her side of the family had him today
@lilgnome3 oh I was so proud as well 
Is dying with the flu &amp; VERY angry that Detroit won last night 
Good mornin ya'll...There ain't nothin like wakin up with a sinus infection. This is goin to be a fun day 
@shannyrpi xD Some guy shouted it REALLY loudly at slam dunk,i was upset 
Yesterday I was all like, &quot;Dang Zeno Clash sucks I'm glad I warezed it.&quot; Then I looked at Steam and realized that I bought it on release. 
it's hard to be all happy and hyper when it's raining outside  i really don't like the weather
@tandcmitchell  Oh no! That sucks. She was awesome! I wonder how she hacked her? How do you even do that GAH sneaky f'n people!
not yet sleepy. i haven't even thought about what course am i gonna take. gosh.. college is so scary. i feel shaky just thinking about it 
watching serie a last match, but im awesomely sleepy.. 
sun shining and i'm too tired to enjoy 
Shower then family party. Glad its still nice out! Oh and I miss Olive so much 
i have 2 essays and a project due tomorrow that i haven't even started... all for one  class too 
I wanted Julian Smith to win BGT  But Diversity is still kickass. Glad Susan Boyle didn't win.
Is happy to b home from girls camp but really sad also 
@gabbydario OHYEAH! You're pro-Federer! Awesomeness! I feel bad  He needs to get his groove back @-) But it's clay :o
@thisgoeshere gotta go! i'm depressed right now..on #andyhurleyday  tweet ya..@ Laura's prob..xD haha
One last meeting this evening and then tomorrow packing for the trip back to Ottawa. Vacation almost over 
@jamiemcflyx aha. They're doing a 10 date uk tour. Why are they even bothering. :| i think McFly need to hurry home. 
@1stAngel I'll be in this evening. Will go on skype. Promise!!!  Missing @yvonneayoub, too. 
damnit, fell back asleep... and now im 30 min late for church, and i havent even showered or anything 
You can not see my attemet at &quot;sun tan&quot; well you sorta can I am sooooooo burned on my back   but been fun hot... http://tinyurl.com/kvjs7b
*sigh* That feels good, now off to enjoy my still crappy day @ work wit those previous listed that aint make n this run smooth 
waking up at 4:50 am for work is not fun 
Totally slept funny and my shoulder/neck are killing me now (adding to the random pain from last week). Need a massage...! 
@JacksonEdD I'm jealous 
@britishcreamtea I got a 99 yesteday cost me 2 quid and didn't even have raspberry sauce 
Meanwhile, it's sunny outside and I'm inside checking my latest (3-week old) bank statement. That's how work gets in the way of real life 
Home from an awesome Southport Skate, loads of work to do now 
@JamesRPTX u r not taking your cat?!  so sad. great seeing u last night! wish there was more time to talk. have an AWESOME move to LA!
@waitwaitwait i wish you were too  im glad you were with robby though.
Not dealing well w/ the bad case of poison ivy I picked up.  It is painful!  Even folding laundry proved excruciating!
@gradeness Yesss.Last night.Had a blast.Miss you in the parties.  Even though you're a butthole.
@channon3, @jleigh82, and I possibly playing beach volleyball this evening. But I just checked the weather and it looks yucky for later. 
@ddlovato__ http://twitpic.com/5vqen - I went!! It was AMAZING~!!! But too bad i had to fly back to florida   brazil was so nice!!
i want a dinner with mcfly too! unfair  hmm i could travel to brazil now.. and stalk mcfly muhaha. naah. i'm a good girl
Think about a wonderful person&lt;3 I miiss you 
aristotle's theory of tradedy + romeo and juliet = not fun 
@xxJONASaholicxx ohh thats awesome =] joe doesnt hav his own so sad 
@snowqueen297 Have fun with trouble....sent you a message you never got back. 
@Mayfair1973 I almost never went to bed all night 
Awesome British Airways guy didn't charge me for my bag being 4kg over. Then security decided they had to swab EVERYTHING in my rucksack 
@amazingphoebe nah, not on tweetdeck, internet is off  on Sykes while texting you D:
@SMG1994 LOL! Don't even think about killing me 
Lazy Sunday, books and sun in the park, fabulous. Pity it's got to be an early night - must be on a train at 7.30 tomorrow. Awesome 
no offesne to.....well everyone but TJ is really boring now! what happened?! it used to be so..well fun..now it's boring as hell! 
been busy busy busy busy &amp; im the total oppossitteee of excited to go work this double 
was prayin to get off early but my supervisor had a hangover and got off early so that's a negative for me 
@CrunchyK relax.it'll arrive. I work in a hotel and sometimes eveb they r short on staff  but i do understand that ur gettin abit annoyed
have to practise to our french test tomorrow  i haven't even look at it :S
@CNsbtt Jealous. Wish I could have been there 
@jeremywright I wasn't aware there were dance moves to Wonderwall, which makes my bail even more difficult.  I will jam along in spirit!
hamptons coming home todayy excited for mtv movie awardss.. finalss less than a weeek 
The Killers were amazing on @Wossy I wish Brandon could have more than one wife 
gunna watch Badminton horse trials , i miss jasper  these summer days make me miss riding soo much i need to get back to the stables xx
I AM happy the Cavs went as far as they did. At least they got that far.  For a team named Magic, they play dirty like street thugs.  
@galaxyhappyman @ben_simpson @lonelycoo @charleymarley Glad you're all having fun in the sun while I'm stuck at work all alone 
@lynbot really? wow! that's dedication. and unfortunately, I'm not going to the gig. blame uni 
@thebeatfreaks http://twitpic.com/6bh1k - aww...i guess u guys wont be at the mtv movie awards    but atleast ur havin fun in hawaii ...
yeah. old time plan. i don't even know why i agreed. 
@cornish_cookie I also hate FP2. It doesn't like giving me marks for my solutions even if I got the correct answer. 
@jakeofsight jakeeee, have a good show tonight. Gutted we ain't coming to the last one  thanks for making tour amazing xx
damn, if I'm lucky I'll have everything ready to score by this evening, that means no May 31st deadline film fests 
Argh I didn't even wake up this morning until 10:30am! Mike never got me up 
@rockeye Unfortunately not for Aus 
im such a bor to day cause im tierd , crankey and upset  im sorry &lt;/3 x
Watched Dead na si Lolo. So funny. But behind those laughs i felt really sad. Suddenly, I miss my tatay so much 
@nikon212 afternoon to you from London. How is NY today? It is lovely and sunny here but I'm at work 
@applecored - oh why can I only give 3 props a day, no fair 
Is annoyed that its like 4 o'clock when it feels like its 12!!!! 
i suppose i should start packing at some point... im excited, but i'd rather it was eddie coming HERE for 5 days...  
@zuppalizzle Yeah No line on the horizon was pretty bad...their Medium Rare and Remastered is even worse 
actually. no. I'm very unhappy. 
Having off on weekends ia completely useless 4 me  all my friends are working and I cant even go shopping :-/ Hoteltimes suck!!
should not have drank last night.....even though it wasnt that much, i need to study for physics now 
needs privacy at all times... Certain informations are confidential and don't wish to let other people know... This makes me so upset. 
I havent met rh not even once.  SIGH
@nere13 yeah! i couldve gone to Puerto Rico with them but my grades  so that kinda sucks. i have to fix them or make them even better.
Last day of holiday  Ninja has decided to spend it asleep. to be fair, all her time is now spent asleep it seems, except at 4am :/
Sunny , too bad i have a french project to finish 
@305Amanda    It's in the mail.  I can't believe it.  The NBA's own personal Black Swan event.
Why the fuck do I only sleep for about seven minuets? Leaving Las Vegas today.  http://myloc.me/2bxp
thats unfair 
@CharlieHewett i feel even worse, i feel sick and headachey and can hardly move  how was the tech run?
The Suns splitting the skies outside, yet i have to sit in and study for tests this week. Why could it not be sunny next week ? 
@gfalcone601 even if i reload the page straight away it tells me i have to wait 20mins to vote  i want you to win!!
My bezzie stole the drawing coz she loves them even though I forgot to scan it to the computer 
Noooooo  I don't want to go home...but a wonderful month of photographing/interviewing bands/concerts starts tonight with Tamarama!
is not ready for Science World 5k Fun Run  http://plurk.com/p/xfjre
Ashley was so good at the awards  Next week in Berlin  Nobody comes to Hamburg, Zac or Vanessa or Miley or Ashley (( ((  So unhappy
hasnt even been outside in the sun 
@pmerric Yes... I hiked Fossil Springs Arizona last week.  Beatiful hike but they removed the dam last year and ruined a great fun spot. 
@gg2626 yes, unfortunately 
@jeanettejoy Going to Costco, grocery store and laundry. Not fun... 
Feeling bad for being so not grateful of some things.. or many things 
Alrighty. Workin on a project then going off to work... aren't y'all jealous...x D  Awe, that was super illiterate 
i need to find another way to get value out of books: i don't even remember the content of books i read two months ago... no long memory 
doesn't want to start work tomorrow at a new store...   oh well! enjoying my last day of freedom by laying out and going to a grad par ...
omggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg. im being negative again 
I'm not happy that 200+ of my pictures from the wedding last night errored and won't upload 
So happy for Diversity last nite!!!! But im in agony after the hike to the party in those heels 
doesn't want to start work tomorrow at a new store  oh well! enjoying my last day of freedom by laying out and going to a grad party
http://twitpic.com/6c2ss - The cullen bunnies are gone!! This is so upsetting 
@InAnyEvent some of the best shots of my life! I cant show one!! Contract say NO!  Fab time, lots of work, 15 hour shooting days.
is back from antigua and had the most wonderful time ever there 
I don't even remember the last time I was this tired 
Living in the future isn't as fun as it sounds. 
I'm so excited for tonight! I just wish Demi was going. 
Not fun = waking up sick in a city 1100 miles from home.  Time to locate some meds.
heyy really sick from allergies so not fun 
Horrible, horrible dream. Glad my alarm woke me up before I discovered the bodies. 
In bed and not happy about it at all 
@anamariecox IKR?!?! It's called being human. Unfortunately, Mitt is a robot. 
just thinking of the idea makes me feel sick  i need to find 'hard faced bitch' evening classes...
@Blondie994 No they didn't make it. I suppose Howard was too big to let them even though I don't like his play at all 
Only bowling can make me happy now 
woke up and my anger from last night turned to pure sadness. officially every aspect of my life is in the negative 
Feeling as miserable as yesterday - I hate allergies.  I have to take my sister home today, so no doubt they are going to get worse. 
@JThawley Madness drivers left is closed. Can't get there   Still looking around....  I didn't even get dairy queen for my 7th. Have fun!
Getting tired of waking up to these fabulous sunny beautiful days, and then going to work till the sunsets  Four more days till a day off
im off now byee lol gotta get ready for school tomorrow (N) i dont wanna go back this week has been amazingg  x
On the road home, we had to say goodbye to Holiday World  but it was a fun weekend!
@denharsh Your Site takes too much time to open 
@mutton oh you're funnyy. asshole ! 
@revealnosecrets LOL! I don't get them, unfortunately 
Went to a thai naked ladies spa yesterday and got scrubbed to hell. Oh my god why is there NOTHING like that in the uk,,it's amazing 
it really sucks how two of the most exciting annual events, Big Brother and E3, occur in exam season 
Happy late birthday! @dubbausa  You old man! I went and celebrated our birthdays last night, and am hungover on my bday  How r u feeling?
@theywereangry Waiting for your call. I have to take Timmy for a walk alone.  Your fault!
@Jonasbrothers Hi boys!Live chat are amazing but impossible to see for ur italian fans!If is 4 pm there,is 7 am here!And we have school! 
@nkosmider i'm sorry  being nocturnal is not a really awesome lifestyle, i must say. And KP's nails were actually really cool.
Gonna go do yard work what fun that should be  its hot outside
@stoner_stuff Heyyyy I made cupcakes last night! Unfortunately they weren't &quot;specially baked&quot; 
@dangerxriot haha yeah. My iPhone = my life. Crazy. I get annoyed of myself at times. Why'd you get your phone taken away? 
It's brilliant weather here yes We're building a flatpack bed!! Hate that.  Your beer sounds lovely. Small anon french lager here  
@8bitjoystick Thanks for the heads up dude, I'll check it out. I love HDMI too, but my monitor for gaming doesn't have it 
Holiday being cancelled  I'm soooooooo upset n f**ked off!
So busy I don't even have the time to tweet...   
Got the cold  and sunburn eew! So excited for The Hills tonight. Last night is such a blur...
Had a redpants yesh moment with rob yesterday!!!he deff knos about the RP movement even though he didn't have them on 
@DawnRichard u guys r funny..dam I wish I was getn a pup 2, I really want 1 
its really sunny and im inside with chemistry books  how cool(h)
I want to go enjoy the nice weather but I'll burn again 
@katyperry I'd love to come to pinkpop but I can't  have fun! loveyou!
upset. Car is dead. 
Six Flags was beast!! My camera doesnt work anymore though  Makes me sad. But it was fun anyway(:
@Jediyauk Not given your name and avatar, I'd say it's pretty normal. Unfortunately for me I thought aristocracy 
My puppy is at the groomers for the first time. I am so miserable right now. 
Up early once again, very low key weekend... excited about my hair &amp; my face getting better! Not excited for a serious convo later 
@spydersvenom Oh nice, I unfortunately won't have time to be covering it along side you 
@streetztalk I'm jealous  I want pate too!!
Plus i was soooo excited to get a funnel cake, and i couldn't belive how bad they sucked! Sooo disappointed. 
@Psymonkee I did that, problem is you have to stop eventually 
why does it have to be such a lovely sunny day and I'm all on my own with revision staring me in the face? 
@teddy_dunn Can i have him on loan while I'm sad just for a week? That's only as long as i'm ever allowed to be happy 
So glad to be back!  I couldn't get in here at all last night 
@blackstarmedia It's amazing that the UK and Canada have both yet we have neither 
@AmazingPhil go back into the room when u can  charlie is mean
Why did the sunny day have to turn cold and cloudy? So sad 
@vanessawhite awww, chill out and enjoy the sun, i am sure you have rehearsed like crazy, , i wish u came to belfast on the work tour    .
@gfalcone601 *coughcheetingcough* They probably using proxy things. :-/ Not fair. Have nice BBQ while I'm inside revising 4 exam 2moz  lol
Shelby is not a happy camper this morning 
had an awesome life, untill my mom said that it's my turn to walk with doggie. ghooow have to leave my bed 
is wearing a wee sundress and glads , but has to go change into stupid spar uniform &amp; go to work  . beyonce tomorrow , hasn't hit me
Ooooo too much fun last nite.......way sleepy! Getting ready for work 
especially when it's so sunny outisde and have no-one to enjoy it with 
Anyone fiddled with Lightbox Gone Wild for Rails? Got it working but loads page content twice 
Just stopped &amp; bought a Magnum. 1 bite and all (and I mean ALL) the chocolate feel off  Not a happy bunny
@xlovelydearx Nothing to do, No-where to go, No-one to hang out with. I'll just get depressed again. It's lovely weather as-well. 
Good Morning!  Floor Calls this am at the ofc  then off to show property!  Full Day Hope your is fantastico!!
Ahh i forot how good the sun felt!! Even tho I have to go back to school tmro!! 
i dont even know why im doing this for  http://bit.ly/JugcH
@imasoom Hey even i wanna watch angels and demons. I like tom hanks. But no time to watch. 
Can't believe my sister and mum made me do that, The buyer won't be happy 
wishing I could spend Jax's big day with him   Happy Birthday, Little Man!
Just contacted AppleCare cuz my Mac apparently has Alzheimers and the memory is bad. But they were awesome...no Mac for 2 - 3 days 
Too early. &lt;4hrs sleep last night. Living far from stuff can be so not fun 
unfortunately oliver platt took the night off  but the understudy was very good.
 it maybe sunny but i'm not happy in the matter of 12 hours i've lost 4 followers
Is watching the fashion show wishing it was sunny so i could go lay out but it looks more like a storm outside 
I can smell the sausages, its not fair, making me hungry and I need to go to the library 
Need help with a cat that will no longer use her litterbox. Any suggestions welcome. Getting very frustrated... 
another sunny day. Slept realy well and have done shopping. Now to take other half to train station 
@Funbrunette Yes girlie! Thank you! They took the profile down. The only thing that is left is it still shows up in the search. 
@Chloeprest Amazing flower gift: May 29-May 31 2009. He died in his sleep. Rest in peace. 
funn last night ;) sunday 
Happy time over, next week is BSSC 
It's time to have fun with @RE_DANGEr before she leaves to Cali on Monday! 
is feeling soooo irritated, when the skies had to open up just when my mom was abt to sit in da car, and we had to cancel going out 
 One little boy with ants in his pants and his shirt and his hair - Angry Ants - Lots
@CassandraBatson Awww, isn't it more fun to be romping through the store!? 
@jodi_lyn So glad you guys liked ST! No news from my end on R2 
watched a movie and had awesome sushi with @itsmajin and @liy. i miss my silly guy 
@denfab he can't lose ! that'll be too incredible !! i can't watch anymore too !! 
@JonathanRKnight JONATHAN! DON'T BE UPSEt  You look beautiful when u smile ...
@willie_day26 OMG ii was at the concert last nite and ii had brought yu the biggest bag m&amp;ms(peanuts)&amp;&amp;ii couldnt even give them to yu 
Agh my throat  working 845-4 and I can't even talk
UGHHHH I FECKING HATE MENCHOV AND WAS GLAD THAT HE FELL... but sad he won  DILUCA IS STILL THE MAN!!!!!!
@SewFantastic Hi there! Why so irritated? 
I kinda still feel like shit... even though this should be fixed. 
@singergirl82 aww, don't be sad  we had fun
Never had chicken Laredo... spicy is good for me but The Other Half cringes at even the mildest chili 
@Emskydoodle Hope your stomac feels better!  happy to hear about the two chapters though ;)
@andrea_r I can't image how bittersweet. 
ham tasted weird, and cheese was still hard even after I melted it... FAIL 
Struggling with Chapter 51. Not fun.   Changed my username, though, and am currently trying to find people to follow...
@cupcakecat  that sucks darling.  I couldn't even imagine how pissed I would be if it was cold here
just got home. terminator was awesome. i still want to watch night at the museum though 
i wanna have some fun.. and i really wanna watch (he's just not that into you) 
Mmm. Geting woke up by Chloe is always fun. 
@xXxnicci95xXx cool well have fun with that ! so glad i don't have to do anything like that or coursework ever again! they were Bad Times 
@twitter My account continually says that I have one more follower than I actually do, even when the number actually changes. HELP! 
@ArcticSensation &quot;get the fuck out to sleep&quot; doesn't even make any sense 
If I had a nice calm fluffy loving animal I could cuddle with it, with I'm not so lucky to have one that fits all those categories. 
wants to be happy 
im sick and it aint no fun.    i couldnt go to church bcuz i was coughing too much!  my chest and thoat hurts super duper oober bad!!!!!!!
I'M SO DEPRESSED.... I JUST NEED TO BREATH ... I JUST NEED PEACE .... 
@janellewilson I'm jealous of the NECC goers too!  Looks like I can't afford it this year  maybe next year!
@TweetDeck My tweetdeck isn't even working. 
@animealmanac I think the Japenes companies are overreacting a bit. I hope it all works out for @funimation though and they find the jerk 
@kbmphs wht! Can't believe u forgot it! I'm still upset abt the loss! 
@EwanB1988 I'd hang with you.    I'm sorry.  Don't be depressed.
@LaurenConradNew i love you soooo much! you're the bestt. im so upset your leaving the hills  i want to be you!!
wants to get back home, or atleast get over with the kgp ordeal. No fun anymore 
@HomeRun314 ha ha I hope Orlando winssssssssss but how you  a lil upset with me thats not fair  lol
ahhhh. angry now- i need to download a TON of music 
@ChristinaBurton yo i mean u dnt even tlk 2 me no more...  lol
I am not happy. 
@Fearnecotton hey fern its so unfair the weather is so nice and i'm stuck indoors doing drama coursework your keeping me going  love immi
@Leslie_Star that's the best time to shoot film apparently.  but its fun tho!
what a lazy day... just watching 90210. it seems even the sun is lazy...neither of us is outside  texxxxxt
Had a wonderful weekend and is super sad its almost over 
Music project today... and it's sunny 
No strawberry fair today...I have to wait until June 2nd... 
@seanmurphymusic haha, im no good at making things like that, and i wouldn't even know what to do. It's pretty depressing 
Why must the weekends go by so fast?? I just wanna enjoy summer. Not just work 
Wants bed now. Tired after walking in 20+ temps! Wants to be home more  had an amazing week though.
is SO HAPPY to have my Emmy back! I am completely in love with her and I'm SO GLAD that I got 2 talk 2 her a little. I miss her so much! 
I think we picked up Kennel Cough from being boarded @ the vet (Corinth Animal Hospital)last week.Humans are checking into it.  Not happy 
@pcdnicole glad to know! now I'm looking like mad for the festival tickets for your show. sold out everywhere  it's not good in tribune
Really frustrated with Time Machine. Yet again, we've got to wipe the whole thing &amp; back everyone up from scratch. 
Thinking I should have taken the summer off from school. There are just too many sunny days spent inside 
is going to revise for maths again my mum'll be flying to prague soon  i miss  herrr! stuck with brother+dad for a week.. oh joy. :| paha.
@tacticalchaos Unfortunately, it looks like I won't get to hit anything this summer. First time since 98 I won't be at Pittsburgh 
Studying on a day like this... aint fun 
I dislike the fact it's so sunny outside and I have to stay inside to revise. 
@Lilmissweetlips thank you but i really feed so depressed... 
Enjoying how slow Sundays are at work since I am here and not at church 
@eightyocho glad you kept your cool. as for the cats from bmore, I think the rapper left the stage , stranded the dj and never came back 
nice one alistair brownlee!amazing stuff.he went to my old swimming club(s).didn't work out quite as well for me! 
@markhoppus was excited to see the shoe in hershey.. $20 tickets sold out 
@agingbackwards have a lovely Sunday. Enjoy this beautiful day as I am @ work.  
@mspt47 I'm really SO GLAD you liked the show. That whole cast kills me. I'll legit cry when Bets &amp; Victoria go too.  Yay last show tho!
is at sun valley for the last time before moving  I'm gonna miss this amazing church!!!!
